I thought I could do it all on my own , but ... ... he 's growing up .	3	dy
It could be done .	1	dy
My Turk plays chess at a level that could defeat every human player that has ever lived and probably ever will live .	8	de
Who said you could get out of bed ?	3	de
If we could do this more often , everybody 's life would be simpler .	2	dy
If they could , we could .	5	dy
- How could you let this show go live ?	2	de
Mom said I could wait up .	3	de
I haven 't met anyone yet that could do it .	7	dy
That was only possible because this time the principle of concentration really could be applied successfully .	12	dy
- You could do it .	2	dy
- You and me , we 'll go -- - You 'll forget you said I could go !	16	de
But I 'm thinkin ' we could use that shotgun of yours	6	dy
" Who said you could use my crayons ? "	4	de
- Hey , you know what ? I bet you could do this all by yourself if you really wanted to .	10	dy
- Could you run it without Stella ?	1	dy
- Who told you you could touch my board ?	5	de
- I knew you could do it !	4	dy
Could I have a last c- cigarette ?	0	de
- Bobby said I could . - Did not .	4	de
Who said you could sit here ?	3	de
Did I say you could talk , Cherry ?	4	de
" That could never happen to me . "	2	dy
I always knew you could do it .	4	dy
Could I just take two minutes to explain why ?	0	de
I could say that your love sends me to the moon .	1	dy
You could have made it .	1	dy
For a while , I didn 't think I could do it .	9	dy
I knew you could do it !	3	dy
She said , " I knew Roger could do it " .	7	dy
- I knew you could do that .	4	dy
Who said you could grow up so fast ?	3	de
In particular , we could consider a compromise solution between our proposal to ban testing and your position to ban marketing , in other words , that of labelling requirements .	4	dy
Who told you you could use the phone ?	4	de
Who said you could sit ?	3	de
I thought I could do it all , you know --	3	dy
Could we make it to the mountains ?	0	dy
She could do it , Doris could .	6	dy
I knew she could bring it off .	3	dy
Tell her she could stay ?	3	de
We knew you could do it , Jesus !	3	dy
Could I also say to Mrs Green , as a final point , that some of her former party leaders were also very generous to my party when they came along to have discussions with them .	0	de
I thought I could do it here , but I was wrong .	3	dy
If you could get that guy to take his shirt off ... Right . Yeah , and throw his cellular phone at the police as they come through the door , try to jump out that window , then we 'd have a show .	2	dy
Incomplete or refused information , delays that could have been avoided , discrimination , lack of the right to defence . Citizens want to see good administration .	7	dy
How could you let the gangster pull out the gun more quickly than you ?	1	dy
That 's more than your people could do in two weeks .	6	dy
- Could you do this by yourself ?	1	dy
I could do it again .	1	dy
I know you could , Mickey .	3	dy
We thought we could do it .	3	dy
I Don 't think there 's any way he could have followed me here .	9	dy
- I know somebody who could do him .	5	dy
I knew that if a man hated as much as you did , he could do anything .	14	dy
- I told you I could !	5	dy
When I asked the Sittings Directorate whether this could be done , they in fact said that the debate could not be conducted in this way .	8	dy
Besides , I didn 't know that any female could do this to you .	9	dy
No , I could do that anytime .	3	dy
I just ... I just really wanted to see if I could get this .	11	dy
Well , when Andy Richter first left my show , I wasn 't sure I could go it alone	15	dy
George says it better than I ever could .	7	dy
I knew you guys could do it !	4	dy
- We thought you could handle it .	4	dy
I wonder sometimes if anyone could have stopped her or ...	5	dy
- Could I wait ... ?	1	de
The Council and the Commission ought shortly to be coming back to Parliament with a report on what could be done .	18	dy
We could do with a Iittle party Ieadership .	1	dy
I knew you could do it .	3	dy
I figured you could handle it .	3	dy
I could do it .	1	dy
- I bet you he could .	5	dy
Between the 3 of us we could .	6	dy
I thought I could do it all on my own , but ... he 's growing up .	3	dy
I thought you could do everything yourself , hotshot .	3	dy
Who s- s- said you could talk ?	5	de
DELORES : I told you I could !	6	dy
And I could do it , really I could .	2	dy
They said I could come in here ... ... and I could bring you out , and --	11	de
Who said you could put locks on the door , Mr Cohen ?	3	de
Well , even if we could , these are our friends and neighbors .	5	dy
I told you , you could do it .	5	dy
He must rectify what could have been avoided .	4	dy
I still thought you could do it .	4	dy
Cortland made me Feel alive , In a way No free man ever could .	13	dy
He could hit 3 home runs if you wanted .	1	dy
I didn 't think I could do it .	5	dy
Maybe somebody else could do it .	3	dy
This could work if the framework strategy were an integral part of the programme , as an annex to it .	1	dy
- .. which is more than the Tok 'ra could do .	9	dy
If you can spare the time could you help me ? when do you have to go ?	6	de
You did not believe that I could do it .	6	dy
Could we make it to the beach- side fiesta ?	0	dy
I knew you could . I 'm so proud of you .	3	dy
