Well , I may surprise you .	3	ep
Perhaps those among us tonight for the first time , ... .. and not yet initiated into the mysteries ... .. of the First Circle of the Seventh Old Ray , ... .. may be wondering what is going to happen now .	33	ep
There may have been irreversible damage .	1	ep
We may be the old continent but we remember our yesterdays rather well and our experience of war has been very different from that of the USA .	1	ep
Now , young man , Christmas may not be important to some people ... ... but it is very important to the rest of us !	6	ep
I appreciate that he is the Commissioner in office today but he may not be in a position to respond to these points himself .	12	ep
One day I may tell you about it .	3	ep
But may I say , if only you knew what life as a Q were like , you would see the logic .	1	ep
There may be a way out .	1	ep
You may find this hard to believe , but she appreciated everything you did for her .	1	ep
Let me draw the attention of Parliament to the sensitive issue of thresholds , which may be the one where our divergence of views may be very hard to reconcile .	24	ep
Neither of us may want to admit this ... she 's beyond our control .	3	ep
They may not mean to , but they do .	1	ep
It may have been a compromise between the ELDR and the EPP Groups , but it was not a compromise which we signed .	1	ep
He may not be invited then .	1	ep
Basically , because of the positive impact that the tax measures may have in Germany .	11	ep
- He may not be acting to protect the senator .	2	ep
She may be back by now .	1	ep
The effects of the device may be unstable .	5	ep
Richard , I may have a position for you .	3	ep
You may be familiar with the incident .	1	ep
I have not given full and detailed consideration to issues relating to and surrounding questions of liability despite my background , but it seems to me that there may very well be subsidiarity issues involved .	28	ep
She may not know it , but she needs to celebrate her birthday .	1	ep
Further communications may not be possible .	2	ep
If we destroy Kansas , the world may not hear about it for years .	7	ep
Because of the spy , the Goa 'uld may be at the site the Tok 'ra have moved to .	8	ep
These new files may give us a new angle .	3	ep
Some of these effects can be detected using current testing procedures even though it may not be clear whether the disorder has been brought about through endocrine disruption .	14	ep
And then again , I may not .	5	ep
If I use the words ' Financial Regulation ' then the penny may drop with some people and they may begin to understand what I am talking about when I keep mentioning SAB 3 .	19	ep
I 'm looking for someone who may or may not even exist .	6	ep
- Friends may be hiding him .	2	ep
You may want to cover your ears .	1	ep
I may no longer have armies at my command .	1	ep
# I may turn into a person	2	ep
- If I may sir , it 's my turn to ask the riddle .	3	de
We may have saved the company , but we are gonna have to reorganize and streamline in just about every division .	1	ep
You may have done it already , if it doesn 't stop bleeding .	1	ep
- You may think alike . I 'd like to know if we do .	2	ep
Tess , I may have found something .	3	ep
He may try and return . Thank you .	1	ep
If Sokar were to overtake the System Lords , ... .. the Asgard may not have the power to stop him .	13	ep
This is the story of a mystery that may never be solved .	8	ep
- He may have had a little highball .	2	ep
So , my boy , we got a broker in Redondo who thinks they may only be worth $15, 000 .	14	ep
It may hurt a little .	1	de
If they are unwilling to do this , we will have to set the priorities ourselves but the result may not be as good .	19	ep
And I may even ask her to marry me .	2	ep
This programme may be drawing to a close , but I have heard many positive indications that it could continue although there may not be sufficient funds in view of all the associated problems .	2	ep
Belittling France by allowing important decisions to be taken without France ' s agreement , when , through this closer cooperation , European treaties may , if necessary , be amended to the detriment of France ...	24	ep
[ The devil may have been asleep , but someone else was wide awake . ]	3	ep
They may win .	1	ep
It may be that we Europeans will improve our standard of living , but others will suffer for our small-minded actions , our great mediocrity , precisely because we have decided to remain merely a great economic power .	1	ep
I may have slightly changed my view because Greece is playing a very valuable role in leading and in coordinating regional cooperation .	1	ep
I may be right .	1	ep
Although our views may coincide here , in many respects we are sceptical about whether this really will be achieved .	3	ep
Well , I may not be the swiftest guy in the world even when l 'm not hungover ... ... but I do seem to remember a process where you ask me questions ... ... and I give answers , and I ask questions and you give answers ... ... and that 's the way we find out things .	3	ep
We may not be there when you get back .	1	ep
It may seem way out of field . I don 't know if you can , but ... 581 00 : 33 : 08, 800 -- > 00 : 33 : 11, 075 I 'm not going with anyone , so I thought maybe ...	1	ep
It may just blow the highway up .	1	ep
There may be many other ways in which the European Union and the European Commission can facilitate cross-border clearing and settlement , without necessarily having to resort to a hard law solution .	1	ep
It may also be that it will not get discussed throughout the whole of the French presidential term .	1	ep
This committee may not rank as the greatest committee in Parliament but , in terms of protecting the citizens , it is the best .	2	ep
Some may die , yes , but others may be saved .	1	ep
It may be that translating it is taking time .	1	ep
It 's still secure but you may want to move up your timetable .	6	ep
- It may already be too late .	2	ep
Later on , you may consider that a blessing .	4	ep
We often think that we can solve this problem by throwing money at it and that if we gave some money to the public information services , it may be possible to solve this problem .	28	ep
And indeed you may !	3	ep
In those countries , too , there may perhaps be referendums on the euro and , as a result , the euro may be rejected there .	22	ep
He may have ruled the streets out there , but in here , he 's just like us .	1	ep
- The ship detected a Stargate on a planet within range that may have what we need .	12	ep
I may have tormented her from time to time , but that 's what I thought marriage was all about .	1	ep
- I have a feeling he may still be there .	6	ep
As the tasks of the responsible person are managerial as well as technical , such a specialist may not always be required for this post .	17	ep
I should then like to add two short questions , which the Commissioner may be able to answer briefly together .	13	ep
It may not mean much , given my history , but I 'll never forget what you guys did for me .	1	ep
There may be other places we could live where food is plentiful .	1	ep
And ultimately , this is the underlying reason for my final rejection of the report , which should serve as a warning for the future : in striving to achieve too much , the basic needs may suffer .	36	ep
Although , I may be responsible for your cousin vanishing from prime time .	3	ep
They may go on a hunger strike until they receive the Homeworld they 've demanded ... ... in return for not revealing everyone 's secrets .	1	ep
You may look like a bride ... but you will never bring your family honour !	1	ep
They may be able to smell colors .	1	ep
These may be the last words I write in this journal .	1	ep
May I ?	0	ep
First of all , if I may , I would like to stress that the responsibility for this falls to the Member States themselves .	6	de
We may never see the Empress again .	1	ep
They may be alien ships on approach .	1	ep
A happy selection , if I may say .	6	de
- You may have to look for someone else .	2	ep
You may be aware of a number of petitions concerning Lloyd 's of London , as well as complaints to the European Commission .	1	ep
The revelation of a missing probation report ... ... may result in the handing up of indictments ... ... by the grandjury of Supreme Court Judge Stern ... ... and Brooklyn Democratic leader , Frank Anselmo .	9	ep
The problem may well be a general one .	2	ep
And I can 't tell you how important it may be .	9	ep
I know you may not see it , but trust me , Jer .	3	ep
When the Intergovernmental Conference opens , it may well be too late .	7	ep
You may remember reading about it .	1	ep
He may be in love with me .	1	ep
In all events , this moment is an historic moment for Greece and , may I say , for Europe too .	14	de
I may have gone a little bit overboard with the tanning bed , But some days it gets a little cloudy out here . So , you know .	1	ep
I may even be ugly .	1	ep
They may know that I 'm not charles Grant , G. D. historian , But Trevor Grant , G. D. history .	1	ep
You may be right , Mr. Ames .	1	ep
He may not survive anyway .	1	ep
We may be old , but we 're resilliant .	1	ep
We may not even have a lifetime .	1	ep
Sir , there may be an assassin .	3	ep
It may be , but Europe must stand united , the international community must stand united .	1	ep
Your friend doesn 't know it yet , But she may have been handed a suicide mission .	10	ep
It may be a wee bit small , but ...	1	ep
There 's enough fuel to get you there , but the Dallas may not be there .	12	ep
I 'll just sit here , if I may .	8	de
All I 'm saying , is that it may not be the shark .	8	ep
There may be many men out there who don 't mind being the maid ... ... and getting nothing .	1	ep
I think they may stop it .	3	ep
It may not be 1st of August , it may be January 8th .	1	ep
Oh , I may have had something to do with it .	3	ep
See , you may be the biggest thing ever hit this area , but you 're still two- bit outlaws !	3	ep
In fact , it eliminates the opportunity of following a particular animal that may be carrying that particular disease .	13	ep
But , you know , I may need your help .	6	ep
You may get away with it once or even a hundred times . . . . . . but in the end . . .	1	ep
Mr President , I would like to counsel , if I may , Mr Solana and my very good friend Commissioner Patten to exercise caution in relation to the Middle East at this present time .	11	de
Figure out what , I may get some leverage against Carla .	5	ep
Dr Fraiser thinks that we may have been ... infected by some disease that you 're carrying .	5	ep
And may never make it .	1	ep
You know , Jake may not be the brightest monkey in the meadow , but even he 's going to eventually figure out that you 're banging his buddy 's mom .	4	ep
The problem is that the poultry meat cannot be tested for growth promoters or , if it is , some time may have elapsed and the meat can no longer be tested for it .	21	ep
We weren 't able to trace Erwich , but we may have a location for the associate .	10	ep
I think if we 're sending a man to what may be his death ... he has a right to know why .	10	ep
It may be more ... More powerful than we intended it to be .	1	ep
You may run , but if you push yourself any more ... ... you 'll be lucky to break nine minutes !	1	ep
There may be light in that yesterday Israel recognised that the Palestinian Authority had , for the first time , begun to take serious action to combat fundamentalists .	1	ep
This would be a shame , not just for us MEPs - who may no longer be here in that case - but for Europe as well .	13	ep
It may be crazy , but we 'll do it .	1	ep
Any other type of response or intervention that may have taken place , in any case , does not fall within the competence of this Presidency and I cannot enter into a discussion on the matter .	8	ep
And kinda check closely , 'cause we may have to kick a kike 's ass outta town .	7	ep
- They have a lead on a missing scientist . They think he may have taken the mimic devices .	13	ep
It may be that we simply have to wait for things to burn themselves out .	1	ep
- It may have affected my head !	2	ep
Some great Shakespearean scene where a ghost and a prince meet and everyone ends in mincemeat the gag may be waving that flag that began with a Mr. Cohan	18	ep
I know the president 's supposed to serve four years , but now it may be 15 to 20 .	14	ep
For all we know , they may have completed the operation .	6	ep
" May be armed and dangerous " .	1	ep
It may have been for you .	1	ep
I may look like a scholar on the outside ... but inside I 'm still an idiot .	1	ep
We do not want it and we may not win it .	7	ep
As you may have heard from Mrs Schreyer when she spoke earlier this afternoon , compensation is available .	2	ep
You may think that you are bad	1	ep
One thing you don 't do by stealing software is get back at MlTS for some problem you may have had	18	ep
You never know , he may get to know me a little too .	5	ep
Well , Ari , you may hate this place , but our daughter still has to go there .	5	ep
We got no power , no phones , no gas . We may not be the third world , but we 're getting there . We need food now .	12	ep
You may want to make some more sandwiches .	1	ep
They may have succeeded in this , at least for the moment , but at the cost of serious problems , such as greater supranationality , less democracy and greater German influence in the decision-making process .	1	ep
I think he may have a hotline up there .	3	ep
We may question ourselves at moments such as these .	1	ep
The common position may be less than perfect , but I feel that it does offer sufficient safeguards .	3	ep
Her roommate may have enough in travelers ' checks .	2	ep
" By the time you receive this , I may be gone . "	9	ep
Anyway , my Magnum may not have worked on them ... but between your sword and this anti- tank rifle -	4	ep
Tomorrow I may be sad .	2	ep
It 's a cinch they won 't wanna die in what may be the last battle .	11	ep
So you 're saying Beau may have done this ?	5	ep
You may have been a good smuggler ... but now you 're Bantha fodder .	1	ep
lf Kanan returned for whatever reason , our operatives may have learned of it .	9	ep
I may have a couple squirrelled away in there ... for a rainy day .	1	ep
No , if I may , I will try to find a corner here to wait for him .	4	de
- I may be sending him dimensions on playmate of the month .	2	ep
Excuse me , Russel , but the war may be over .	8	ep
And there 's a lot of people there willing to help who may have seen the same problem before .	12	ep
I may have to do it again . Maybe he 'll come gently .	1	ep
This may be the most simple and effective method .	1	ep
- But the policeman may be Danish .	4	ep
He may never come back .	1	ep
They may have used their telepathic abilities to summon a hive ship , but I can 't be certain .	1	ep
You may think she 's pretty but ... to other people she 's just a dowdy old middle- aged woman .	1	ep
May I please speak with Lena ?	0	ep
You may recall that Parliament put a very strong emphasis on the need for a positive outcome from this ICAO meeting .	1	ep
May be we can go to my place ?	0	ep
There is an irrefutable fact in her report : category 4 , which was approved in Berlin , may become insufficient if we continue to add the funding of new commitments .	18	ep
We think this man may have attended your mosque .	4	ep
Shannon , we may be here for a while .	3	ep
I know this may sound silly ... ... but can you fly ?	3	ep
It may turn out that a sales ban on cosmetics tested on animals outside the EU will lead to countermeasures in the WTO .	1	ep
She may be nice at the supermarket , but not nice at home .	1	ep
You keep this up, and you may just beour next employee of the month .	6	ep
We believe that General Habib may have given Fayed a duress signal .	5	ep
And may I ask : how do they know ?	1	de
As you may know , the citizens ' initiative was a major priority for our S & D Group .	2	ep
It may be that many people from Slovakia will choose to seek work in nearby Vienna .	1	ep
He may have slapped me because I was hysterical .	1	ep
I may have mentioned to my family ... ... that I had a patient who was in trouble with something ... ... we were hearing about in the news .	1	ep
We may not be as happy as you always dreamed we would be , but ...	1	ep
You may be out , but you never lose the attitude .	1	ep
May I take this opportunity to mention once again today the historic significance of the enlargement of the European Union in 2004 .	0	de
I may wear this skin , but I never forget what we are beneath .	1	ep
I have to figure out how to avoid any commands that may have been compromised .	11	ep
Mentioning them may make the text unbalanced : the best solution would be just to delete the paragraph .	2	ep
You may have a couple pounds on me but nothing outweighs experience .	1	ep
May ? May have ?	2	ep
Yes , but those who have been reported to us may lose in the end .	10	ep
As long as I am conscious , I still may be of some assistance .	9	ep
Within 10 years , there may be 25 or 27 Member States . The differences between systems will presumably be still greater then .	5	ep
- No . But it may be near an Airport .	5	ep
Perhaps I may conclude by giving the example of my constituency , where many institutions have caused a great stir among farmers by participating in a large-scale test of how they would manage a foot and mouth crisis .	2	ep
Yes , well , you may want to make an exception in this case .	5	ep
Compared to the Seville conclusions , I find it genuinely interesting , although , having heard Mr Borghezio , I am wondering whether my analysis may be mistaken .	25	ep
Tell him that the two of us are right for each other and that may be he ought to think about getting his stuff and moving out .	14	ep
It is my opinion , however , that the responsibility of policy-makers - which may be more difficult , more complex - is to regulate certain issues , set limits and avoid situations out of a western .	14	ep
May I borrow this ?	0	ep
Stick around , I may really have something for you in a few minutes .	4	ep
They may live happily ever after . Again , they may not .	10	ep
Now , it may have slipped your mind that Crowley owns my soul and the meter is running !	3	ep
Mr Wurtz , who believes that we could and should entrust any decision regarding this matter to the Security Council , has , if I may say so , a bit of a nerve .	25	ep
May I suspend your delights just ?	0	de
We may have to go into the mine .	1	ep
So much for rule number three : Avoid insulting ... the men who may be trying to kill you .	13	ep
Mr Data , the rest of us may lose consciousness .	7	ep
It may be anyone 's last chance . Such a pity .	1	ep
That has been done only on condition that we and the Council promise to supply the extra resources that may be required for these purposes next year .	19	ep
We may have been to the same games .	1	ep
I may have located Faith .	1	ep
Such new products may be perfectly interesting for agriculture , but our message must be honest here : the overriding objective with innovations of this kind has to be profitability .	3	ep
This may explain why we experienced more difficulties than anticipated in the Committee on Budgetary Control as regards this issue .	1	ep
- May have ?	1	ep
And you may have noticed , no one else is even willing to try .	2	ep
I may have it all . But , I wonder what my life might have been like if I 'd actually , tried to write a novel .	1	ep
But it may never be over .	2	ep
A - Assume a cheerfulness you may not feel .	6	ep
- You may not see it for 20 years .	2	ep
Yes , I 'm sure he does but he may be expressing himself in ... other ways .	9	ep
A pilot project that may be started up is the paltry consolation prize .	4	ep
You may have your sheep fooled .	1	ep
You may have noticed me ?	1	ep
The Cardinal may knock without warning .	2	ep
We must help the independent democratic media in Serbia so that they can provide accurate information as far as possible , and so that democracy may yet blossom in Serbia .	25	ep
For many institutions , this approach may be neither desirable nor appropriate and , of course , its use must never be compulsory .	6	ep
He may be realizing the consequences of his deeds .	1	ep
I hope , Latimer , that one day you may have a just and proper war in which to prove yourself .	9	ep
They may come around for another pass .	1	ep
We may need the hostage .	1	ep
It may not turn out so badly as you think .	1	ep
You may be asking yourself why you 're here .	1	ep
It 's very important . I may have a buyer for the estate .	6	ep
For what lady could live up to it close to ... when her eyes and lips and voice ... may be no more beautiful than mine .	19	ep
We may succeed in destroying the base , but leave the gate and wormhole intact .	1	ep
- We may not have it .	2	ep
I may have over reacted .	1	ep
I had expected the budget to be higher , and that may , in fact , turn out to be necessary .	11	ep
His family 's political contributions may not be enough ... to buy a senator ... but they are enough to rent them from time to time .	5	ep
I may not come out alive , but I 'm going in there .	1	ep
There may be no way to defend ourselves against Keeler 's accusation that Anne was involved in something illegal .	1	ep
I may even invent fire . ( Number Two laughs )	1	ep
It may be over there .	1	ep
- Yes , I think you may have !	6	ep
May I ? Thank you .	0	de
I mean , she may be married to him , But ...	4	ep
- It may be the basis of their mathematics .	2	ep
While we 're on the surface , you may have to avoid Sokar 's forces .	8	ep
I may just as well face the consequences .	1	ep
In the midst of a confusing situation , you may not be able to see or appreciate him , but he 's there and he wants you to have the answers to all of your questions .	9	ep
The poodle- monkey may be right .	3	ep
So it may not be my name ... that 's going to be on this tombstone .	2	ep
She won 't tell them who shot it or who else was with them , but they think the killer may have the other half of the heart .	20	ep
May I have this dance ?	0	de
With Alexis under control , that threat may be minimal .	7	ep
You may remember NASA JPL lost the Beagle 2 Mars Rover .	1	ep
You may think I 'm being hard on you right now , but I 'm not .	1	ep
You may not like asking questions , but me , once i get started , i can 't stop .	1	ep
We 're the ones who may not survive .	5	ep
He may not mention them , but he 's got a pretty good idea what they are .	1	ep
Not yet . But he may not call .	5	ep
This may have been her , but not anymore .	1	ep
Well , you may not be feeling it now , but I think one day ... you 'll be on stage singing a song about this very night .	3	ep
You may look like bum but you 've got a lot of talent , young man .	1	ep
The European Union and NATO may have a role to play in this as an intermediary or facilitator .	5	ep
Also, sheldon may be a robot .	2	ep
It would also lead to great legal uncertainty and may be a source of legal conflict .	9	ep
We require of our exporters that they respect the Cartagena Protocol and so , too , the legislation that other countries may adopt and that may go further than the European Union 's .	25	ep
Andrei thinks he may have another way to release the gas .	3	ep
A protein that may reactivate --	3	ep
You may have heard of it or read about it .	1	ep
Go to the tavern and you may find an answer .	6	ep
But with all the fog , you may not be able to see ... " ahead . "	7	ep
Now , I may have hated the kid , but I didn 't want him dead .	3	ep
A letter to a family in Israel may have been enough to set this case in motion .	7	ep
As a result , we may sometimes have the impression that , as in the case of Ireland , actions are taken which may be difficult to reconcile with observing the criteria of the Stability Pact .	23	ep
Now , I may be crazier than you , son , but I believe you .	3	ep
We may have something on the second floor .	1	ep
Hudson may be right .	1	ep
I think kara may have brought it here .	3	ep
- Even if you find them ... ... even if they show you a way to defeat the Kraken ... ... you may not live to exploit their advice .	22	ep
I understand that the President-in-Office may not be able to give me an answer right now but perhaps he could inform us if or when he has an answer .	5	ep
They may be down at the swimming pool .	1	ep
He may look young , but if he wants to work this case , he 'd better not act it .	1	ep
Yeah , well , someday they may sponsor me for my own gallery .	6	ep
We may have to do this eventually but not yet .	1	ep
Well , he may not see it that way .	3	ep
And it did happen , and it may be occurring here ... but you can 't believe every weird thing out there ... because you 're desperate for an answer .	7	ep
I may not go to bed at all till the family gets back in September .	1	ep
During this symposium , we 'll discuss the possibility ... that intelligent life on a distant planet ... may be no larger than a flea .	18	ep
We cannot hand out money with one hand and , with the other , take countries to court , where they may well be fined .	21	ep
It may encourage research into tropical medicines , but it is mainly the European taxpayer who is likely to foot the bill .	1	ep
Yeah , I invited her to the opening , Which may be a success now that we don 't have to eat Cobb salad with our fingers .	10	ep
All right , I may have panicked a little back there but we 're gonna do this !	4	ep
They may not be too far yet .	1	ep
She may not be the youngest girl at the ball , but she 'll turn a head or two .	1	ep
The good guys will comply , the bad ones will still be bad , and consumers may well use them in their search for a good deal .	16	ep
I don 't know . I may be wrong .	6	ep
A Black Guard patroller spotted the craft and may return to destroy it .	8	ep
He 's the key . Bynarr may not have knowingly helped Jolinar , ... .. but I 'm sure he must know how she escaped .	6	ep
Kittredge ... ... it may interest you that this so- called affair ...	4	ep
I may be your only friend .	1	ep
It 's hard to admit that ... ... you may have feelings of hatred towards your mother , isn 't it ?	9	ep
She may not live much longer , or she could go on for years .	1	ep
I think it 's possible my wife may have been on your plane .	7	ep
Earlier today I heard that we may receive the result before the end of this month ; perhaps we will hear more from the Commissioner about that in due course .	6	ep
I may not have busted you to your dad , but there 's no way I 'm letting you get hospitalized .	1	ep
That may have been what he had in mind all along .	1	ep
My box and those of my friends may have been rifled .	7	ep
If I get a wedge I may be able to knock those anchors loose .	6	ep
She may not even be coming back ?	1	ep
- May I offer something to you ?	1	ep
- It may have been a little too much , yes .	2	ep
You do this, you may as well be shooting my son yourself .	4	ep
she may have consumed two alcoholic beverages .	1	ep
The sun is about to come up , we may never get a chance to set up this experiment again , I 've gotta do it .	9	ep
You know , Cate , there may be a reason why Lux never told you she was living here .	6	ep
as a spy , you expect to get locked up from time to time . if you 're on the job , you just keep busy until someone negotiates your release . if you 're working alone , you may have to get used to steel bars and baked beans .	39	ep
I feel the Chosen One may give up hope .	5	ep
It is a pity that Bulgaria and Romania may now suffer the consequences of this .	8	ep
- Think I may need a kidney transplant .	3	ep
- I may stay a little longer .	2	ep
Computers may be twice as fast as they were in 1 973 ... ... but voters are as drunk and stupid as ever !	1	ep
But they know that we know this , so they may try something else so our barricades must work from both sides .	10	ep
I may not make it out of this .	1	ep
You think may be ..	2	ep
I may , however , lie on her .	1	ep
I may .	1	ep
She may be a sorceress , a witch .	1	ep
May I also point out that , in my personal opinion , certain aspects of the proposed GMES programme involve strategic activities .	0	de
I may try and get on him myself tonight .	1	ep
" My love , by the time you receive this , I may be gone . "	12	ep
This emotion chip may be the only answer .	3	ep
You may not have been aware of this , but that is the case .	1	ep
There may also be an emotional risk .	1	ep
That may not be the case .	1	ep
Unarmed cops who may need to communicate in code .	3	ep
I think I may be one of them .	3	ep
It may offer a way of breaking this deadlock .	1	ep
- Approach the witness ? - You may .	7	de
Trillo may be threatening her .	1	ep
She may not kill me , for I know her name .	1	ep
The only consolation is that it may be the last time .	6	ep
You may recall what I said last evening .	1	ep
May be he had some business .	0	ep
- You may , child .	2	ep
If you don 't stop this , I may very well leave you behind .	8	ep
I may be having a brilliant streak right here in the taxi .	1	ep
They may have influenced a pamphlet she later published on avian cobs , wattles , wens and casques .	1	ep
We all have the same transport crisis and there may be common solutions to these common problems .	9	ep
You may have heard I was unhappy about this match .	1	ep
[ rubber squeaking ] I- I- I may have . I may have done that , sir .	7	ep
The Commission is now working on yet another statement , a statement which will examine the perspectives of these new markets , but at the same time the obstacles that may impede their successful operation .	30	ep
Abby may have gotten a job offer .	1	ep
Anyway , you may like it .	3	ep
With regard to harmful substances that may be found in honey for industry or baker ' s honey , we think that it should be forbidden for them to be present in honey .	6	ep
I may pick up a rock and it 'll say underneath , " Made by God . "	1	ep
You may get there , Mother .	1	ep
You may run the risks , my friend , but I do the cutting .	1	ep
- Sir , may l ?	3	de
We may wake up changed ... into something evil and inhuman .	1	ep
Listen , Tommy , I may be out there , but I 'm not an idiot ... and don 't ask me to rat on the Birthright .	5	ep
It may have been a moment later ...	1	ep
She may be pretty to you because you 're ... sweet on her .	1	ep
Something you may not know .	2	ep
May be code for something .	0	ep
You may be mayor of this little village , but I am viceroy .	1	ep
Some day , and that day may never come , I 'll ask a service of you .	6	ep
- And he may change ...	3	ep
I do not rule out the possibility that one day we may realise the need for a technological directive and for industrial aid in the transition to digital .	11	ep
We have to deal with the legislation , the powers and the Treaties before us today , and not with what may be given to us in the future under any future Treaty .	21	ep
Perhaps Commissioner De Palacio will again give some thought to what was said at the first meeting about the issue of linking this with compensation , as this may simplify the practical side of any emergency measures .	28	ep
You 're a family man , Harvey . Some day , God willing , you may wanna be president .	15	ep
Ross , she may need one .	3	ep
- You may have to go to Denver .	2	ep
The situation in Portugal is that 40 boats have remained inactive since December 1999 and if the agreement is concluded one day , many of these businesses may by then have become unviable .	27	ep
That may be an alias .	1	ep
Billy , if don 't ... get off this ship you may lose both of us at the same time .	11	ep
' The ticket may have been bought in this very shop ,	3	ep
Someday you may want to open up a studio of your own here .	2	ep
The male victim may have left something which could I. D. him .	3	ep
Are you telling me you may never want to get married ?	5	ep
This may always have been part and parcel of European integration - a mixture of vision and reaction to crises induced by growth .	1	ep
Come back as soon as the service is over . Mr Simms may wanna get to bed early .	12	ep
You guys may not realize it ...	2	ep
Old man Stolz may call the cops .	3	ep
And then the girl may thank you for it .	4	ep
Even if you survive , you may never be able to breathe on your own again .	6	ep
Warren may have some left over from the sonora .	1	ep
You may be drawing more bodies to your crusade, but they 're from the fringes .	1	ep
I should have a new code in a second . Recovering this image may be our only way of stopping those nukes .	13	ep
Then there is the section on external aid , which I will comment on , if I may , during the second part of the debate .	17	de
Gino , these may be your streets and your neighborhood . . . . . . but there are other cops .	3	ep
Because FIF\u0391 may consider that forced prostitution is bad advertising for these football matches .	2	ep
There may be more server capacity in data storage .	1	ep
We 'II teII them what ? We started a rumor that may just turn out to be true ?	11	ep
It may not matter to you ... ... but he 'll follow me everywhere I go until I 'm dead .	1	ep
This may hurt a little .	1	ep
She may have .	1	ep
This side may submit amendments asking for more attention to be paid to certain developments in the new Member States .	2	ep
Those of you who remember meetings here years , even decades ago - when decisions about new production lines - or new paper types or grenade casings were made - may consider this rubber duck out of place - or even amusing .	30	ep
In these circumstances , war or the use of armed force may be a lesser evil .	11	ep
- We may have a big fucking lead on the Lundy case , and ... Just fucking run it .	2	ep
" May have ? " That doesn 't sound very definitive .	1	ep
You may have to take in the bosom , but this blue will be just swell with your eyes .	1	ep
It isn 't as good as some of yours are ... ... and I know you may be too mature ... ... to hang out with teddy bears now .	16	ep
That may be it for Youngberry .	1	ep
I may be offered a job in New York that would ...	1	ep
As difficult as it is to say , this may have been more merciful .	9	ep
He may know what it is .	1	ep
There may not be another opportunity .	1	ep
You may find the climate of Casablanca a trifle warm .	1	ep
Whoa , " rapscallion " may be going a bit far , Ted .	5	ep
You know , it may take some time , but once Robin really sees the new you ...	4	ep
We also need information about when the substitutes which the industry may introduce will be open to equivalent testing .	11	ep
We may not have retaliated ... yet .	1	ep
I know that the Sons are in Belfast , and I 'm beginning to worry that they may have pissed off the wrong Irishmen .	17	ep
She may have been on borrowed time from the start .	1	ep
May be a bit suspicious .	0	ep
Now more members may have left from one group than from other and that may well distort the vote on the Ludford report .	3	ep
If we succeed , we may be able to fix the escape unit .	5	ep
And I may be getting offered ajob in an art gallery .	2	ep
They may have told him to build a prison , but , in his own mind , he was raising walls to protect himself .	1	ep
If I may ...	2	de
It may be worse yet , sir .	1	ep
Ireland may therefore have to withdraw from Sfor because a UN mandate will not now exist if this veto persists .	1	ep
We may stay a while .	1	ep
lf you can carry it to the top of the mountain ... ... you may find what you were looking for in the first place .	14	ep
- I think it may have been political .	4	ep
I may be crazy , but I 'm not crazy enough to marry you twice .	1	ep
I may find her .	1	ep
- They may have to .	2	ep
Discussions are still being held between the Council and the European Parliament which may make a conciliation procedure unnecessary .	13	ep
This may not be very palatable , it may make you want to vomit .	8	ep
The scope does not extend to on-board security which may need to be addressed at some future date .	9	ep
Now , true , there may not be an actual body .	5	ep
They may have come from our parts , or just flown over there .	1	ep
As you may have heard , the D. A. recently overturned the conviction on the Eugene	2	ep
He may have doubled back along the alley and gone up the fire escape .	1	ep
If she is under their influence , she may have tried ... to destroy the artifact to keep us from figuring out what it is .	8	ep
It may well be his boyfriend .	1	ep
I may even go out and meet them .	1	ep
A Mexican drug cartel may have kidnapped some marines along the border .	4	ep
Confession may be good for the soul, but it 's a hot lead enema to a marriage .	1	ep
You may not have wanted this to come to the surface , but someone else did .	1	ep
I may not be programmed to respond correctly .	1	ep
It may not have been the best decision .	1	ep
if the cat was attacked , the Jacobis may have buried it .	8	ep
Is such a thing even possible ? The code 's been deactivated once before . The Wraith may have done it the first time .	17	ep
I have heard that Robin Hood may still be alive .	6	ep
This may be a big city , but this co- op is about practicing small- town medicine .	1	ep
Look , Angela may have bad breath , but she does say some very astute things .	3	ep
Were it not for the ease with which you let yourself be manipulated , ... .. Apophis may have eliminated the Tok 'ra .	17	ep
It is also particularly appropriate that many of you asked about the extent to which we may need to extend the competences at EU level .	16	ep
He may die .	1	ep
If the applicant countries read the Hughes report , they may not want to join .	10	ep
Let me finally say that Mr Dell ' Alba brought up what may prove to be the biggest event of the six months of the Swedish presidency .	12	ep
I may have more time than I thought .	1	ep
She may even be true love .	1	ep
He may have assassinated a gang leader .	1	ep
The one who 's never seen , the one who may not even exist at all .	10	ep
I may not be academic smart , but I 'm smart .	1	ep
Something may have to be done , Livia , about Tony .	1	ep
Mrs. Peel may be ill .	2	ep
" And who can tell what I may find ? "	7	ep
It may mean we 'll have enough water .	1	ep
I may be scared , but he won 't be .	1	ep
Karen , I am very well aware of that . But unless we find Fayed , I may be forced to .	17	ep
There may well be contradictions between the two objectives and there is nothing to show that the Commission has pointed out those contradictions and how it proposes to deal with them .	1	ep
- and giant safety nets over here . - Oh , speaking of which , I may need a ride back to Dale 's later .	16	ep
The House may be interested to learn that , according to a survey in my country , a large majority of the people are in favour of mutual recognition .	2	ep
Look , Matt may not have shown the best of judgment , but it 's nothing I 'd fire him over .	3	ep
Look , guys , you may be kids , but you 're the only ones left who can get that crown .	5	ep
For color and movement , and boldness of conception ... it may be Minnelli 's noblest effort .	11	ep
You may have been framed as you say you were ... But I wasn 't .	1	ep
It may come as a surprise to yourself and to the citizens of Sweden , but this is one of a number of areas which require more , not less , of a European input .	1	ep
I fear I may have to wait a long time to see that . Given my advancing years it may be my successors who see that approach first .	3	ep
She 'll set off a military conflict that will last for decades that may never be resolved .	13	ep
Before you go , Mr. Ventura ... ... I 'd like to show you something you may enjoy .	16	ep
Some of you may be asking yourself " What am I doing in this strange war ? "	3	ep
Some out- of- town papers may not have a picture of her .	5	ep
Now , you may notice , interestingly , we 're walking back toward the house ... and it 's getting a little rocky again .	3	ep
Not so soon as you may fancy , perhaps .	5	ep
France may be acting alone , but it is acting for the benefit of Europe as a whole .	1	ep
I may need help .	1	ep
Plead guilty now , tell them where the loot is , you may get eight years , out in five and a half .	12	ep
There may even be a way we can remain together .	1	ep
Even though Bramante may bankrupt me before he 's finished .	3	ep
It may be that we pay little or rather too little attention to the Mediterranean question , it may be that we pay too little attention to the issue of the Middle East .	1	ep
" I may dare at last to look at myself .	2	ep
I mean , you see , by the time I finish , they may be out of it .	13	ep
We may have found a family for Julian .	1	ep
Thank you . I may make a reservation later .	4	ep
We may need to put some disciplines in place to get a change in behaviour .	1	ep
In these cases , such people may use false documents as the only way to escape from imminent threats to their life or freedom .	6	ep
Hey , listen , this may sound a little crazy , but did you happen to hear anything about some kind of a bomb threat today ?	5	ep
You may be right .	1	ep
I may be a little out of p- practice .	1	ep
You may be having a family problem that I can help you with , and if I can do it , that 'll make me happy .	1	ep
That may work on everyone else , but right now , the only thing I 'm thinking about is that $125 million .	1	ep
This may be the stupidest thing you 've ever done .	1	ep
May your wish be granted .	0	de
For that very reason , I hope I may be allowed to question some of it .	8	ep
This matter may be highlighted to an even greater extent with the advent and introduction of the single currency next year .	2	ep
They may be mental giants , - - but by our standards , physically , they must be very primitive .	1	ep
Well , I may have been a little tough about protecting my turf ... but , uh , I don 't hate the guy .	3	ep
You may have bigger problems than you thought .	1	ep
This may be the last bottle of single malt Scotch Kansas sees in a long time .	1	ep
I may be a drunk , but my brain is still functioning .	1	ep
If that thing is putting out telepathic impulses , she may be able to help .	10	ep
By then she may love me .	3	ep
If that happens we have major problems and Mr Wurtz may be our best friend at the end of the day .	10	ep
On this last point , Members may recall that the Asia-Europe Co-operation Framework 2000 introduced the two-key consensus principle .	6	ep
Mr President , may I begin by saying that this proposal deals with the second pillar of this convention involving public participation in environmental decision-taking .	3	de
We may be trying to let a guilty man go free .	1	ep
My horny lieutenant tells me you may havesome product for me .	6	ep
I thought you may want to take a look .	3	ep
However , we can accept Amendment No 40 - which Mrs Maes mentioned a moment ago - because it makes our position more flexible and means that we offer quantities which may be more balanced .	31	ep
- It may make a difference to you .	2	ep
Without a doubt , the Human Rights Commission gets results every year , even though these may not be as far-reaching as our own ambitions and aspirations .	16	ep
I can express my personal views , which may be of interest to you , but they will not make the slightest difference because they do not convey the position of the Council .	8	ep
Clark , your body may be invincible , but who 's to say your mind isn 't vulnerable somehow ?	4	ep
He may have intel on a Lucian Alliance attack on Earth .	1	ep
- Something you may not even know .	3	ep
It would be helpful if you could gather up any notes you may have taken .	12	ep
I mean , Raiders of the Lost Ark may be the greatest movie ever made .	8	ep
Keeping your kids off the streets now may teach them caution that may protect them in the days and weeks to come .	7	ep
But your daring may be in vain !	3	ep
But now you may not have the option .	3	ep
A patient who may be dying isn 't urgent ?	3	ep
We may have caught a break .	1	ep
I may be plain, but I 'm not a fool .	1	ep
You may not be wallowing in luxury on Psychlo . . . . . . but at least you finally got your gold .	1	ep
Despite the fact that matters may be rather chaotic to begin with , something extremely good will emerge if we only have patience .	5	ep
He may have started me thinking about us , what we 're doing , but that 's all .	1	ep
- May I leave ? - You may	7	de
Well , I may be able to help with that .	3	ep
If we can 't track the Touchstone , we may be able to track the second gate on Earth .	9	ep
Have you thought I may have a life of my own , a girl I 'm crazy about ?	4	ep
On the other hand he may have felt his reserve wasn 't strong enough .	5	ep
Because you may be sick .	2	ep
May I remind you in this connection of the agreements that were concluded at the European Summit in The Hague two years ago ?	0	de
And this case may be bigger Than what we originally thought .	3	ep
Well , it 's so weird I may never want to kiss again .	7	ep
Others I may never find .	2	ep
I may kill myself before this day is over .	1	ep
Excuse me . May I ?	3	de
* Grandma may smell funny, but hug her anyway accept her stinky kisses , *	2	ep
Listen , lieu , I may , uh , have spilled ... a little family secret to Jack in the heat of the moment .	5	ep
On the 20th , I may be in Paris .	5	ep
You may think that we 're making a lot of money .	1	ep
Mr President , first of all may I say that I have much sympathy with the remarks that have just been passed by Mr Harbour .	6	de
He may want to have a conversation .	1	ep
You may have noticed he 's no longer wearing the ring .	1	ep
Mr President , it may be incorrect to say this , but democratisation of the Islamic world is crucial for the security of the Western world .	4	ep
We may have to move the implantation ahead of schedule .	1	ep
Listen , it may not seem like much now ... ... but I got your research files and original samples .	3	ep
No , Monsieur . It may not be as peaceful as they think .	5	ep
It 's over . You may be done with us , but that doesn 't mean we 're done with you .	5	ep
And why , may I ask , is that ?	3	ep
Police surgeons say that he may survive his multiple wounds ... ... but up to this moment , he still remains in a coma .	5	ep
In a thousand years , even you may be worth something .	7	ep
It may be my last chance .	1	ep
If someone doesn 't go now , my daughter may be dead .	9	ep
You may have read about it .	1	ep
You have to prove you can pass this test , Or it may be your last .	12	ep
We may have to accept the fact that the Cara we know is gone forever .	1	ep
It was reported last week that operations at the Thorp nuclear reprocessing plant may cease sooner rather than later .	13	ep
General Hammond , ... ... I will not remain idle while my friends may be in danger on this planet .	13	ep
On the other hand , when you 're very young - you may feel that you can afford to wait .	12	ep
He may only take your ship .	1	ep
We don 't become happy just because we 're free , if we are , or because we 've been educated , if we have , but because education may be the means by which we realise we are happy .	29	ep
Didn 't you ever wonder this may be a frame ?	6	ep
This may be the most important decision of your whole life , Ed .	1	ep
I 'm only saying this because there may be a way to fix it -- to , like , make amends .	7	ep
You may have been misinformed .	1	ep
Nevertheless , with 125 suicides committed each year in prison , France may have abolished the death penalty but it has not yet eliminated it altogether .	12	ep
Well , despite what you may think , I 've always abhorred violence .	5	ep
Or it may be waiting out there for us .	2	ep
Some Unas there may never have been taken as hosts .	3	ep
To give you an example , a farmer may fill out a form incorrectly .	8	ep
Well , it may not be in any database , But it 's a rule .	3	ep
The great efforts invested in reforms may serve as a guarantee that EU enlargement will be beneficial , both for the current members and for those that wish to become members .	6	ep
Hey, i may have morals .	2	ep
And now , Henry , she thinks he may have had an accident .	8	ep
I- I may not be around to meet all of them .	2	ep
We may not have enough between the fifteen countries which will have to make an additional effort to meet the proposed needs .	1	ep
We got to be the best of friends, and although I may never see him again, I miss him .	11	ep
So you think he may have taken them there ?	4	ep
From a situation in which there was a total refusal to engage in dialogue , discussions have now taken place , and a process of reconciliation may be underway .	26	ep
You may be sleeping with one , but you aren 't one yet .	1	ep
Look , I may not have treated your friends well in the past .	3	ep
- Look , I- I may have ...	5	ep
Colonel Grieves and Lieutenant Kershaw may be the only people qualified to fix it .	5	ep
There are 47 people down there who may need our help .	7	ep
May be i should look for love closer to home .	0	ep
We may have to march all night to the border .	1	ep
If you 're just heartbroken or in love with someone else or you just want me to help you with a baby that you may or may not be able to raise ...	26	ep
Why ? - We may have one here .	4	ep
May be some time yet .	0	ep
It is not sufficient to verify whether forbidden substances were used in the feeding of animals in third countries , as the residues of such substances may not be present at the time of importation .	26	ep
And if one person could start to feeI that way , then another ... ... soon aII these other problems we 're facing may not seem so ... ... impossible .	23	ep
I may be guilty .	1	ep
I would like , if I may ... ... to take you on a strange journey .	6	de
Don 't hear anything , but they may be playing possum .	7	ep
They cannot therefore be accepted in full , because we have to keep research into the management of radioactive waste fairly open-ended : there may not be just one solution , but several .	24	ep
Julian , we 've got a walk- in , may need stitches .	9	ep
Okay , well , I may have noticed some tiny , little mistakes You might want to te a look at .	5	ep
Did you play any sports where you may have been knocked in the chest ?	7	ep
He may be long on law , but he sure is short on charm .	1	ep
Given though that assistants may be employed in a number of different locations and have different tasks to perform , this may be difficult to achieve .	21	ep
He was not a god per se , ... .. but may have been one of China 's earliest emperors .	11	ep
You may not have a special ability .	1	ep
Well , we learned that he may have been compromised .	6	ep
- Then we may have lucked out , Brian .	3	ep
I may feel sorry for her and tell you	1	ep
Mr Maystadt may be able to enlarge on this point too in his response .	2	ep
We may have been dysfunctional , but we worked .	1	ep
And Allison says the president may come .	5	ep
He may be , but I 'm not .	1	ep
- He may not be using that name .	2	ep
- Or it may have been Ebola .	3	ep
I do hope that we will stand united and attach more importance to the goal that we want to achieve than to these methods , which may be needed just once to make true progress .	26	ep
I also believe that we may then have made further progress towards harmonising many areas of the law .	5	ep
Listen , I may have lost my freakishly long legs in the War of 201 2 . . . . . . but I 've still got something you 'll never have : a soul !	3	ep
You may be the architects of the Union 's awakening in foreign policy .	1	ep
Seeing as I may be rapping on the door momentarily ,	3	ep
I may know where he is .	1	ep
If either of you fail , you may not be coming back .	7	ep
As you may have gathered , we don 't live on this little island .	2	ep
Hey , I may be 82 years old , but I got a tongue that can lick the paint off an outhouse .	3	ep
I share the concern of those who say that we may not yet be adequately prepared to take on this important and great international role .	10	ep
Here is something you may need .	4	ep
We 'll never win . If he develops a taste for your blood , he may let you live .	15	ep
I may have yanked it too much .	1	ep
You may do everything now .	1	de
Arlene , you may need to spend a few days in bed .	3	ep
Soon Jack may not even want you to come to his games .	2	ep
I may never go back to work .	1	ep
You may not think I 'm your friend , but I am , and I am smart enough to know that you need something more in your life than a straight guy to go play golf with .	1	ep
I know that this directive may not be the place for such detailed information , however , in the absence of any movement from the operators , I believe it is important for us to highlight this issue .	5	ep
Madam President , I may be mistaken but I understood that the intention was indeed to have a resolution .	4	ep
They 're worried there may be damage to the heart .	4	ep
Because Dante may not be presentable any more .	2	ep
You know , consciously you may control it , but subconsciously , I bet that 's another story .	5	ep
I may be paranoid , but I wonder whether industry is behind this attempt to get a reaction from Members of Parliament .	1	ep
That may not be the best method ...	1	ep
For sake of ladies present ... ... may we return to drawing room ?	7	ep
You 've just spent too much time running away to realize what you may be running toward .	13	ep
He was being robbed by this gentleman , who may or may not have a gun .	11	ep
You did not hear me , Mrs McKenna , but you may have read something in one Irish newspaper .	11	ep
It may be a feedwater leak , but we can 't tell which valve .	1	ep
The bed may be hard ... and you might have to wait a few hundred years until they move you into the main building .	2	ep
I may have a lead .	1	ep
It may not be possible this evening , but I would like more clarification on that area .	1	ep
If I can find it in the dealership database , I may be able to route the key code through the phone .	11	ep
I need you to get them out of there immediately . You may be in danger .	12	ep
I may have even encouraged it to help with the cause .	1	ep
He may think saying " fart " is funny ... but by disrespecting America , he 's encouraging terrorism !	1	ep
You may know that with effect from 15 January 2000 , under the new financial instrument for fisheries guidance , Member States may encourage eradication of diseases in aquaculture .	1	ep
I think ifwe 're sending a man to what may be his death ... ... he has a right to know why .	9	ep
Since OLAF may well not be called in to deal with such cases , it would , of course , be necessary to invoke an administrative investigation or a disciplinary procedure .	2	ep
- Your hand ... may I ?	4	de
But I may need a friend myself sometime .	2	ep
But it may turn into one .	2	ep
She may be there tonight .	1	ep
She may not even be 15yet ,,, the age at whi 'ch giant land turrtles reach maturity .	1	ep
Kyle may be connected to a murder .	1	ep
You may have won the battle , Mr. Powers , but you lost the war .	1	ep
Yan may even surrender without bloodshed .	1	ep
You may be aware , I keep an answer key to every exam locked inside this office .	1	ep
As you may have gathered from what you 've seen so far , Janick 's a little bit of a lone soldier .	2	ep
Look , money may be your god , but it ain 't mine , all right ?	3	ep
I may want to remarry , and it would be complicated if you 're in the US .	1	ep
Weird as that may sound .	3	ep
Their fear appears to be that , with pressure from democratic grass-roots movements already voicing their opinion in numerous countries , the Member States may not fall into line with this dire legislation .	24	ep
- I may be a coward ... ... but oh , dear !	2	ep
Tomorrow ... may see us together again .	2	ep
Well , she may be a bad mom , but she makes a great spy , right ? Either way ,	3	ep
No , though it may be a truth you 're not ready to hear .	4	ep
You make it damn clear that it may be a military facility , but we have custody .	7	ep
Sure , there may not be a pot of gold at the end of it ... ... but there 's a beautiful new world under it .	3	ep
The only differences may be in the state of their digestions ... ... or their proclivities for sleeping on the bench .	3	ep
And the warriors need to know why they may be called upon to serve ... ... and to die .	8	ep
I may be soft , but I 'm not suicidal .	1	ep
I may be a drunk , I may not be able to load my own gun , but don 't tell me how to do my job .	1	ep
I may never be right about anything again !	1	ep
Now , I accept that many in our countries are opposed to nuclear energy , and that , in some countries , they may well be in the majority .	23	ep
- We may be ashamed to say certain things	2	ep
What about this one ? If this holds up ... And it very well may not , Mike .	14	ep
They may have covered up Lisa 's scent , but not the human scent on this envelope .	1	ep
We may have found what we need .	1	ep
You think she may not come ?	3	ep
May your river dry !	0	de
Yeah, it may be broken .	2	ep
' Realpolitik ' is not necessarily synonymous with greed . There is a risk that inadequate budgets will hamper reforms in Central Europe and we may pay a high price for this in the future .	25	ep
First of all , I should like to briefly mention one issue which you may be able to respond to directly .	14	ep
We were told you may know where she is .	4	ep
We may never see each other again .	1	ep
This may be a legacy of the dioxin crisis which has understandably left deep scars in Belgium .	1	ep
This may even be the view of some of our fellow MEPs of the outermost regions .	1	ep
I may have deserved that .	1	ep
She may be deceased , she may be missing , he may have killed her himself .	6	ep
This deal I needed 'em for , I may not need it any more .	8	ep
You may escape , but understand I have people that will hunt you down .	1	ep
He may lose his eyesight .	1	ep
I may wish to have sex again before we eat breaMast .	1	ep
May I be so bold ?	0	de
It may not get you home , but it 's not nothing .	1	ep
She may have broken her back .	1	ep
Dayne may seem heavy , but it 's just water weight .	1	ep
It may go well .	1	ep
But you may be right ,	2	ep
You know what you may need , Mr. Connors ?	4	ep
Well , it may not be right ... but it worked .	3	ep
All right , your guy may have a great body , but our guy ... ... is really funny .	5	ep
Honey , I may cut out early .	3	ep
I may be insane , but I 'm not stupid .	1	ep
We may need a supplementary budget next year , but that is not certain .	1	ep
Neither one . I may be old- fashioned , but murder is against the Iaw .	4	ep
It may take a while to translate .	1	ep
Well , as you may have already guessed , the treatment was less than 100 % effective .	4	ep
- I may do that .	2	ep
Well , you may .	3	ep
It occurred to me that I may be an amateur when it comes to love .	6	ep
Happy may have hit on something tremendous here .	1	ep
It is always easy to be wise after the event and no doubt if we do proceed apace we may not achieve a 100 % satisfactory outcome .	19	ep
May not be as peaceful as they think .	0	ep
We may have a missing persons case We need you to look into .	1	ep
You may have a friend you don 't know you 've got .	1	ep
There may be microphones .	1	ep
Oh , you may also want to adjust your iTunes setting .	3	ep
- Thank you . I may do that .	5	ep
You may have been framed as you say you were , but I wasn 't .	1	ep
May I sit ?	0	de
We may be watching different mafia movies .	1	ep
He may be the only way to stop them .	1	ep
They may be listening .	1	ep
You may like the idea of going back to the cages .	1	ep
We may not be popular, we may not be popular, but we 've got heart !	6	ep
You may be ok with dying , but I have a better plan for you .	1	ep
May I see them ?	0	de
Where brominated flame retardants are concerned , there may eventually be a ban , but it is important to say that the precautionary principle permits the whole spectrum of political measures and initiatives to be taken .	8	ep
Me , you , Lauren , who may or may not be coming .	9	ep
This is not the case ; this is not my philosophy ; it may be yours , but I do not share it .	13	ep
But now that we know that Thurgood 's perm is the culprit , I may be able to synthesize an antiserum to reverse the effects . Question ...	14	ep
May I return to two of them , which seem to be especially significant .	0	de
- May I have your coat ?	1	de
Whoever 's giving the orders may not know their guys are dead yet .	5	ep
He may be guilty of some youthful transgressions ...	1	ep
It may not even be humankind .	1	ep
You may bear the mark but don 't ever think yourself a gladiator , you little cunt .	1	ep
Dominic looks out for the longshoremen , you may know , but he also sells cement .	8	ep
You may all be here ... ... for an easy A ... ... but the grade that matters the most is the one he gives you , not me .	1	ep
You may wind up with a big score .	1	ep
What I 'm about to say may surprise you , but my struggle with faith occurred after I entered religious life , not before .	6	ep
You may have hoodwinked everyone else in this backwater town , but you can 't fool me .	1	ep
Jeffrey , before you say anything you may want to think about the gift you 've been given .	7	ep
I may not be the best dad in the world , but I am his real dad .	1	ep
Citizens may find this difficult to understand when they encounter problems with Community law .	1	ep
We may have to stop just a minute for the church to get out of the way .	1	ep
During a transitional period , however , temporary support may be required to enable the adjustments to be made in a way that is acceptable from a social point of view .	9	ep
It is possible that the Council may decide to further extend sanctions in view of the stalemate and lack of progress in inter-party dialogue and the continued repression and violence we see in Zimbabwe .	6	ep
May be the only chance you 'll get to meet him .	0	ep
A girl may 'say no , but the woman in her mean 's ye 's .	2	ep
ALFRED : Bats may be .	3	ep
He may be waking up soon .	1	ep
You may also move times your ass ...	1	ep
- The pox may be small --	3	ep
As you attempt to repair the ship 's engines , you may inadvertently be divulging vital information on Prometheus technology .	11	ep
Come on , Top . We may have lost a man over this .	6	ep
Since Dad died I may not have done enough to find out what you 're going through , but I 'd like to change that .	4	ep
The like of which may never come again .	4	ep
She may be married .	1	ep
I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission .	1	ep
" And ... as you may have guessed , " " exactly when it was natural that it should be so , not a moment sooner , " " Edmund came to speak the whole delightful ... and astonishing truth . "	5	ep
- In your current state you may as well be .	6	ep
They may have carried the ridge .	1	ep
I may be in the Pacific before you can get me out .	1	ep
Her mother says Amanda may be carrying a Iittle girI of her own .	4	ep
Well , I may have to spend the night .	3	ep
- It may be fair , but it 's not enough .	2	ep
It may be .	1	ep
It may disturb you .	1	ep
Hagiwara may not , but this is Kotohiki Valley , beneath Echizen 's Three Province Peak , and Yatabei the Second , guardian of the bell and Yuri 's husband ... he believes .	1	ep
The drugs may not be necessary .	2	ep
I may be calling you .	1	ep
This may Iead to something big .	1	ep
Dr Kelso is the most evil human being on the planet and may in fact be Satan himself .	12	ep
Madam President , Mr Maat may wish to make the same comment as me .	5	ep
Now they 're saying that the baby may be handicapped .	7	ep
- A happy selection , if I may say .	7	de
To put it another way , we have the impression that companies view the operation with relative optimism , in the belief that it will be easier than it may turn out to be .	29	ep
May I ask you a question , Corbett ?	0	de
I understand that Valentine 's Day may ... have significance for you .	6	ep
I 'd like you and may be your wife to come .	5	ep
If it please the court , may I ...	6	de
We may get lucky .	1	ep
You may even get most of it back if you 're lucky .	1	ep
There may have been a bit of a mix- up .	1	ep
He says that there is a very strong possibility that , uh , lex ... may never regain consciousness .	15	ep
We may have a surprise in the medical testimony .	1	ep
Are you saying that we may be able to identify who made this ?	5	ep
I may have been wrong , Charlie , but I 'm not gonna make the same mistake twice .	1	ep
Pepe may get a few years , but they 'll come down on you .	1	ep
May I see it ?	0	de
I 'm thinkin ' we may need it for somethin ' else ,	5	ep
May be a way to get two birds with that stone , too .	0	ep
I almost lost my husband , and my best friend may never recover .	10	ep
It may have found its way back inside the table .	1	ep
You may not be thinking clearly .	1	ep
You may be able to buy a pass from a local .	1	ep
Well , you may want to put her in her drawer , 'cause I don 't think she should see what 's about to happen .	3	ep
If Canc\u00fan served any purpose , indeed , it is precisely that it may have forced many countries to remove barriers to agreement in the run-up to the Ministerial Conference .	13	ep
She kept the original for years . She may know much if properly motivated .	8	ep
- You could stay . lvan may return .	6	ep
I do not think we should just stand around and wait because it may be too late by then and an agreement may not be so easy to reach .	13	ep
Perhaps I may for once breach protocol and also mention John Ryan who has been active for years in the Commission on this matter and has played a crucial part .	2	de
I may teach or write a book ... whatever the hell one does when one approaches the autumn of one 's years .	1	ep
But I can tell you that the terrorists are now in possession of a weaponized nerve gas , and Walt Cummings may be the last chance we have to stop them in time .	21	ep
We may publish it . It 's interesting .	1	ep
' He may have lost his title , he may have lost millions of dollars ' but he gained the esteem of millions of Africans . '	9	ep
Ladies and gentlemen , Mr President , I believe I have answered as fully as possible although I may well have omitted some aspects .	18	ep
But if I can figure out exactly what this substance is , then we may be able to determine where it comes from .	14	ep
We may never have an opportunity Iike this again .	1	ep
May they be kept locked up for a suitable period of time to deter them from being so stupid in the future !	0	de
You may not know Jimmy , but your daughter does .	1	ep
- Bats may be .	2	ep
This wording may sound a little far-fetched and need some explanation .	2	ep
He may be closer than you think .	1	ep
The Council seems to have taken an interest in this , and it may be wise to be a little less generous next time than we were this year .	13	ep
Then may I suggest that you reshoot it ?	1	ep
You may not have heard of it , but you will .	1	ep
Sorry to bother you , but I may rent a flat from your brother- in- law .	7	ep
Now , if customers don 't have hazardous spills , mislabeled product , surly employees to distract them , well , they may start to enjoy their time here . Let 's continue .	22	ep
I may not have sold a car yet , but I 've come real close .	1	ep
We may have seen the last of Paul Crewe for today .	1	ep
I 'm not gonna pass that up for some hypothetical future happiness ... ... with a woman who may or may not want me to be happy ... ... with the woman who is currently making me happy . Leonard .	20	ep
He may be on the boat , but I 'm not sure if he 's dead or alive . Let 's go .	1	ep
This man may have been involved with Bauer .	2	ep
- He may have a point , sir .	2	ep
There may have been irreversible damage . Certainly loss of memory . i need your cooperation , Sal .	1	ep
But the consumer may also be dissatisfied at times . This applies at Member State , as well as international , level .	3	ep
Getting an image of the engineer may be our only way of stopping those nukes .	6	ep
That may be he .	1	ep
I mean , he may have looked like he was chilling , but he was absorbed .	4	ep
He may have been injured and gone into hiding .	1	ep
Well , we may not have a minute .	3	ep
- Paul , you may not have enough fuel ! - We 've no choice .	4	ep
This may be the last time we 'll see each other .	1	ep
You may recognize us as stars of the adult entertainment industry ... and today we 're taking time out to talk about a very important subject .	1	ep
Simone may have contracted a virus .	1	ep
And I 'm afraid that Dr. Wallace may be right .	7	ep
Remember , she may not ...	3	ep
They also say he may have had syphilis and went crazy searching for something that never existed .	4	ep
As he may be aware , Commissioner Byrne 's services are actively considering this proposal at the moment and are having discussions with the European industry about that type of marking .	2	ep
Our people may need more than the river can provide .	2	ep
It occurs to me , our ceremony of cha- no- yu may not be interesting to you .	11	ep
It may become so cross , that it will make a mistake .	1	ep
I think he may have medicine .	3	ep
But it may be helpful to distinguish between two component parts of the overall European security and defence equation , the Petersberg tasks of peace-keeping and peace enforcement on the one hand and territorial defence on the other .	2	ep
May they do their job !	0	ep
But you may not want to .	2	ep
She may not want me , but I 'm still happy .	1	ep
It may also be the time to question whether some production methods are not perhaps obsolete .	1	ep
He may want to rejuvenate his staff !	1	ep
There may only be a small number of strikes locally . If that 's the case , we can send them home in a few days .	1	ep
There may be some who 'd like to sit down and talk about it .	1	ep
He may not be having an affair with you ...	1	ep
Later something else may harden him .	3	ep
If we await the comprehensive monitoring report six months before enlargement , the Commission may have no alternative but to impose safeguards since the nuclear option of suspending enlargement may not be viable .	14	ep
He may be thinking it , but it ain 't going to happen .	1	ep
The social dimension , which is may be the main issue on which the Convention will founder , scarcely gets a mention . The same applies to European democracy .	6	ep
l may be poor ,,, but I am ,,, somebody !	1	ep
Perhaps , in a very limited way , some countries may resort to that method , above all because there may be an exception in the directive on hydrocarbons .	20	ep
There is , after all , a view that genetic technology may be very positive in healthcare , but must be rejected at all costs in agriculture .	11	ep
It may be that what has been termed the Marshall Plan for Palestine has not received enough attention - although it was certainly discussed at the Council .	1	ep
May God watch over you .	0	de
I may need your help .	1	ep
That may be so .	1	ep
I hope I may yet recover .	3	ep
And if the lamp is thrown into the flaming pit ... he may be destroyed .	12	ep
There may be a problem .	1	ep
May you all die of thirst !	0	de
His intention towards the Thcian may include blood .	5	ep
May have been born at night , boy , but it wasn 't last night .	0	ep
Well , I may never know .	3	ep
You hear that and you register it , and you might kind of pick up on that and may be later on you 'll think , hey I wonder what the hot act is bang that might be in your head .	18	ep
He may be antisocial , but he 's very smart .	1	ep
She may be right , but you know how she is .	1	ep
We saw a woman in the woods last night ... That may not have been alive .	11	ep
And finally , although this may be the subject of a different proposal , we believe that it is also necessary to consider reflecting on the current model of production and distribution of goods .	5	ep
Your tale about the Three Musketeers may be a very nice story , but it 's terrible .	6	ep
I may also have been responsible for the unexplained occurrences of the number three .	1	ep
- I may have missed something .	2	ep
I mean , you and Sam and Fi may be nuts , but , you know , you 're doing something with your life , and I ... I just like being a part of it .	8	ep
The same may also be true of other committees .	2	ep
You may want to change .	1	ep
But she may never walk again .	2	ep
In the light of this , it may have been more appropriate to postpone the discussion of these reports because they do not take into consideration recent international developments .	7	ep
We must consider that they may not .	5	ep
My mother may never speak to me again after this job , So I want to make sure it was worth it .	2	ep
The situation may not quite exist in other countries yet , but at least we can begin in this Parliament with a consensus on that point .	2	ep
Another group may claim that the proposal contains technical problems .	2	ep
Squalid it may be , but I 'm never too far off the mark .	2	ep
You arrest him , he may not talk .	5	ep
Others may judge and laugh ... but they are in a darkness of their own making ... and will burn in hell .	1	ep
May be blue , but it 's the bomb .	0	ep
Now there may be more bloodshed all because of me .	2	ep
If Walter Neff leaves the country , I may have to take a little boat ride .	8	ep
It may have slipped your mind , but he also risked his life .	1	ep
Well . . . . I may teach another class this semester .	6	ep
Well , there may be a Senate confirmation hearing in my future .	3	ep
Tucker , when we come back we may have company .	7	ep
Nor , however , do we want Europe to stand aside on principle from a technique that may be the source of certain hopes for feeding humanity .	17	ep
What I am trying to teach you may save your life .	7	ep
I may look like Kurshud- Bek , but I am quite a different person .	1	ep
It may not last . And if it doesn 't ... ...	1	ep
He may still be alive .	1	ep
We are talking about the Europe of democracies , but it may be that we should also be talking about the Europe of democracy .	11	ep
Forgive us , O Lord , for our daily trespasses ... for we know not what we do , and what we see ... may not be the truth .	24	ep
I may be able to conclude my business before the climb starts .	1	ep
Well , they may have been robots .	3	ep
But as a matter of fact , when police go after the guy who 's just stolen $85 million , they treat him like he was a member of the city council - as he may or may not be - and it 's not exciting television .	35	ep
She may be extending her trip .	1	ep
You may be my father , but I am never going to be your daughter . You got that ?	1	ep
We may have to kill my stepdad .	1	ep
Not technically , but the governor may come so I thought ... ... I 'd give a light check .	6	ep
We may go into town after your mother leaves .	1	ep
It may be a good idea . You won 't say what you think .	1	ep
Um , are you aware of any problems she may have had ?	9	ep
You may be right , but something tells me we mustn 't carry out a project of this sort	1	ep
- She may indeed be not of this world .	2	ep
The Commission has thus listened to Parliament , but has implemented - and may now , on the Council 's recommendation , implement - the agreement they negotiated .	13	ep
Durban may be a start .	1	ep
- I may be wrong about that part .	2	ep
Michael , I may not be a superspy , but I 'm not an idiot .	3	ep
There may be problems in general , but particularly Section 19 in Spanish is totally different from the English original .	1	ep
We have television . They may have some totally different device that serves the same purpose .	5	ep
If you heard me yesterday , you may be coming here .	7	ep
There may be weapons and equipment we can still use .	1	ep
If I obey your command , I may get killed .	7	ep
She may be the coolest person , but you 'll never find out because you 're too busy judging her from the outside instead of finding out what 's on the inside .	1	ep
- May I come in ?	1	de
It may be Calthrop has already entered the country and is staying at a hotel .	1	ep
I may belong to one or two online fan clubs .	1	ep
The money may not be flowing into the right channels , but that is why there is a need for reform .	2	ep
Quite the opposite : it may be that , with the reform of European agricultural policy , we have succeeded in overtaking the United States ; the Japanese are causing more harm than we are with rice .	5	ep
I may not get this chance again , us old war horses gotta stick together , don 't we ?	1	ep
You may want to learn to be more cooperative .	1	ep
Yeah ? For instance , there 's some sort of collision radar on the jet that may not have been working properly .	16	ep
Now , Mr. Deverell , as you may know ... ... he 's a very important man , and a man with a lot of influence ... ... a man who could help or hurt a career .	7	ep
I may go to church every sunday , Walter , but I also have three degrees in theoretical physics ,	1	ep
He may be abroad , traveling on a false passport .	1	ep
' Cause I don 't know how to tell them that we may not be	12	ep
Jessica may be a vampire , but she 's the one for me .	1	ep
It may not be alcohol at all .	1	ep
We may need him as a bargaining chip .	1	ep
I may even get time to write some verse , if I 've not forgotten how to . "	1	ep
Mr President , this House may be listening for the last time to words relating to what , for fourteen years , we have known as the fisheries agreement with Morocco .	5	ep
My work will never be done , which means that you have to accept the fact that one day , you may have to carry on without me .	21	ep
He may return .	1	ep
You may have to tear it off my body .	1	ep
It may be that progress towards these goals cannot be made at once with the 15 , let alone with 25 Member States .	1	ep
One they left behind may have figured out those plans .	4	ep
The answer may surprise you .	2	ep
Using the signal from her gps , I may be able to track and follow her Using real- time satellite surveillance .	8	ep
You may not be long for this world , my fine , imprudent fellow .	1	ep
May I add a postscript to the honourable Member Mr Dupuis , just to mention to him that the Falun Gong say that they are not a religious institution .	0	ep
I 'm always glad to see them ... ... even though they may not remember me .	12	ep
Some of it may still be in the trash .	3	ep
I know that in the short term it may be difficult to prove that but I am quite sure that in the long term this is a vital part of making our economies competitive in the wider world .	8	ep
This may not make any sense , but we can 't find him - unless we get that package .	1	ep
After many discussions involving various Members and the European Commission , a simple solution , which may well be acceptable , has been found in the form of Amendment No 43 .	16	ep
I may not have sold a car yet, but I 've come real close .	1	ep
They may already be among us .	1	ep
The Goa 'uld 's return may have induced it !	5	ep
Moreover , intervention in the internal affairs of other states by outsiders can often exacerbate and prolong a conflict , as may have happened in the Balkans .	21	ep
Okay , as you may know , one of you is going To O 'malley today .	4	ep
I may be on Jimbotron .	1	ep
This thing may work for a toilet , But as a security device , it 's somewhat lacking .	2	ep
You may have a no- good brother , but you 're going to have a good wife .	1	ep
Which means he may have abducted before .	3	ep
However , I believe that in a single market with a single currency , the distinction should disappear , but it may take some time .	21	ep
I may be able to get in through that window if I can attach a line ...	1	ep
Is it because Josie Winters may die ?	5	ep
He meant what you said on the tour , that humpbacks may well disappear .	11	ep
I may need you .	1	ep
There may be something we haven 't seen .	1	ep
I 'm not sure , but she may not be telling me everything she knows .	7	ep
May be Yivo was right .	0	ep
Well , he may have named his killer , Boss .	3	ep
With those barbarians the pigs may represent nobility .	5	ep
We may no longer be ranked the best , but I 'm the best, and you 're my residents , which means you 're the best .	1	ep
It may be months before we 're able to straighten again ... ... but a million dollars will buy a lot of back braces .	1	ep
I have no interest in anything she may say .	7	ep
If I may , I should like to make two proposals and one request to the Commission .	2	de
Other people may have come in contact with that bomb .	2	ep
I may be an idiot , but I 'm not drunk .	1	ep
You may make a hunter yet .	1	ep
Wait . He may go to 100 .	3	ep
And I know it may not feel like it , but what you did for Carl and Lucia , it 's the right thing .	4	ep
The only ones you may have heard of are the Frankenstein movies .	4	ep
The massacre you may recall , also took the actor 's life .	3	ep
Juliet may not be ready . What if ...	1	ep
We may have our Social-Democratic friends to thank for this .	1	ep
You 're fast on your feet , Jane , but someday you may wanna slow down .	12	ep
I 'm trying to save Charming P. D. , Wayne , but after this , I may not be able to sway city council .	16	ep
You may rank way above me in terms of strength and size , but at least I can love .	1	ep
- She may not know .	2	ep
Mr. Spencer , as you may be aware , a cal ... California prisoner 's advocacy ...	5	ep
May be this is a blessing in disguise .	0	ep
If I may , I would like to thank in particular the Secretary-General , Mr Julian Priestley , and all those working here who have helped me with their extraordinary degree of motivation and friendship .	2	de
We may be observing the mosque .	1	ep
We may not have much time .	1	ep
Well , I could show you some pictures , but you may not want to see that much of me .	11	ep
Others may not .	1	ep
In Turkey 's case it is possible that this aid may have influenced its role as a strategic country in the Middle East .	10	ep
It may blow it up .	1	ep
It 'll be peaceful . There may not be people , but the Earth will regenerate .	6	ep
I 'm thinking we may need it for something else ...	4	ep
Realistically , it may just mean that we 've got the anti- emetics tuned right .	3	ep
This may also prevent a brain drain in Europe .	1	ep
We may not have five hours , 20 minutes .	1	ep
I may have told a few people down at the pub .	1	ep
Perhaps this aid may be symbolised by the visits to the area by the Prince of Spain , Don Felipe de Borbn , President Chirac and Commissioner Bonino .	3	ep
- They may still be looking for the gate .	2	ep
Sugimura , there may be a way out .	3	ep
I think I may have .	3	ep
It may not last .	1	ep
Indeed . We may have found a race both willing and capable of defending this world against the Goa 'uld .	3	ep
Honourable Members may recall voting in the mini-part-session on the Foster report on common rules in the field of civil aviation security .	2	ep
Also , I 've been under the weather lately , so it may not be my best work .	12	ep
There may be a way .	1	ep
They may have a position on him .	1	ep
You may not know this about me , but without a hot shower in the morning , I have no tolerance for sarcasm .	1	ep
I may have found a way out of here .	1	ep
Hi , you may not know me but ... don 't leave home without it . We 're going to the gig , this is our last one , in Lapland .	3	ep
- I may never see her again .	2	ep
Indeed , I would go as far as to say that it may even be the single most important challenge overall , also beyond the parameters of environmental policy .	12	ep
This may sound strange , but would you like to go on a date with me ?	1	ep
There may still be other people out there who believe that the postal services should remain a national government monopoly . I am not one of them .	1	ep
It may be my age .	1	ep
Which may have been the point .	1	ep
It may come later .	1	ep
I think our shooter may have been more than just an angry listener . Check it out .	4	ep
You may not have time .	1	ep
Because not only do these aids carry a risk of distorting the market , but also aid must of course , in each instance , first be obtained from elsewhere and may then be lacking in another area .	31	ep
You may be able to sense the electricity in the room .	1	ep
With their help , we may survive this .	5	ep
Since 11 September , approaches have been adopted that may be understandable but are nevertheless dangerous .	9	ep
Who knows , I mean , today may be our lucky day .	7	ep
With more study it may be possible .	4	ep
Ed Butler may be an alias for Rook .	2	ep
Mr. Vice President , if I may ?	6	de
We may have to blast .	1	ep
And , you know ... ... it may sound strange ... ... but I 'm really happy here .	7	ep
What may not be in this world will be in the next .	1	ep
It may be that a further stage is needed to enable us to find the best way forward .	1	ep
Jack ! We were talking once , drinking rum , and I may have mentioned Adele .	12	ep
You 've got this plate for your head , that you may need fourth or fifth ...	11	ep
You may remark that my vocabulary has taken a turn for the Anglo- Saxon .	1	ep
This may have been a mistake .	1	ep
Excuse me , but my things may be in here , too .	6	ep
Well , outstanding accounts may be described as ' not settled ' , and there may be answers outstanding , but not issues .	15	ep
May need to tube her .	0	ep
May I kiss you ?	0	ep
People may travel hundreds of miles just to get to this spot where we 're standing now .	1	ep
Well, now that Sylar 's absorbed it too , I think you may be the only one who can stop him .	12	ep
A European tax may still be " future music " , as the Germans say , but if we do not start playing it now , we will not be dancing to it in future .	3	ep
You may have a different view of democracy , but everyone can say what they feel needs to be said .	1	ep
Cross-border cooperation may not be sufficient to facilitate perfect collaboration with neighbouring countries . We can and must however take advantage of its benefits .	2	ep
Simply having a good website may not be the answer .	5	ep
You may be in for quite a shock .	1	ep
The Tollan may be gone for ever . The Tok 'ra are severely weakened .	2	ep
Casey , these guys may be the key to locating my mom .	4	ep
We may have lost the war ... ... but heaven knows we haven 't lost our sense of humor .	1	ep
Tony , you may want to stop acting like a jackass .	3	ep
You may not want to hear this ... ... but accidents happen , your family needs protection .	1	ep
Well , you may have to wait a few decades , but I hear the ratio of gals to geezersBE in those senior living facilities is two to one .	3	ep
That may not be possible , Sam .	1	ep
This may very well be for real .	1	ep
I hope I 'm wrong , but there may be a lot of business transacted like this from now on .	8	ep
She may have some word of David . Of course .	1	ep
He may have located the signal .	1	ep
May we join you ?	0	de
He may be a soulless robot ... ... but he 's a rich , happy soulless robot with a beautiful doctor- lady girlfriend .	1	ep
You may not get a second shot .	1	ep
I may have won a cruise !	1	ep
- I may be a coward . . . . . . but oh , dear !	2	ep
There may be a way to illuminate your state of mind more explicitly .	1	ep
You may have noticed this morning , not so good at the small talk .	1	ep
The Burmese may have already figured it out .	2	ep
The Turkish Prime Minister has just made statements in what may be a new form , to the effect that , if it came to it , the northern part of Cyprus might be annexed .	10	ep
I may be paranoid , but then . . . . . . nobody wants me to quit .	1	ep
Leave them . I may avail myself .	4	ep
We may have to ditch !	1	ep
- No , look ... ... you may not trust me as your father , but as a journalist ... ... I 'm telling you your reputation is all you have .	7	ep
You may have loved him ...	1	ep
It may well be the first time in the 84-year history of the Communist Party of Greece that we are unable to express satisfaction at the fact that our predictions have come true .	1	ep
It may bring you some service .	1	ep
For by his actions , he may redeem his virtue .	6	ep
Well , Drag , I may have to .	5	ep
I may have a chance to go there with you to the factories .	1	ep
- May I go and do it ?	1	de
When we have data on other characteristics and other time periods , we may see a different situation .	13	ep
It may be okay for rural guerillas , but we don 't have live ammunition .	1	ep
There may be another message after ... ... if all goes well .	1	ep
So it may not be my name ... ... that 's going to be on this tombstone .	2	ep
I may be wrong - Commissioner , you may be able to tell me this - but I could not find in here any provision for mandatory fitting of seat belts .	8	ep
Tonight we may very well have seen ring history in the making in the form of a sensational young welterweight Rodriguez and his impressive K. O. over the experienced campaigner Gordon .	2	ep
Some people think they may be covert communications Between spies or drug traffickers .	4	ep
Felicia may be a few fingers short of a high five , but if she 's crazy , we all are .	1	ep
You may be right , but when it comes to making movies , dreams aren 't enough .	1	ep
It may be my fault , too .	1	ep
Her doctors say it may never come back .	4	ep
Well , I may have left out a line or two , but that 's the general idea .	3	ep
I mean , you may have the most beautiful room in the Jeffersonian , aside from the molds and " fungis " and creepy- crawlies .	4	ep
You may be 18 , baby girl , but you are clearly not capable of making life and death decisions for yourself right now .	1	ep
You meet me at the Grove Boardwalk , you may just get the chance .	9	ep
I 'm sure you would expect , as you yourself may also have the intention ...	10	ep
For what lady could live up to it close to ... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine .	18	ep
The Proteus may already be destroyed .	2	ep
We may not need a good cop .	1	ep
You may remember the debate on the so-called Di Pietro report , which was held here in this House some time ago .	1	ep
They may be using some sort of stealth technology .	1	ep
The spell I cast may have killed her or erased her from existence itself .	4	ep
This brought to an end some quite considerable work by Mrs Maij-Weggen , and also , if I may say so , by Mr Cashman .	18	de
And keep your nose open , there may be lndians about .	7	ep
- Be advised . We may not be alone here .	5	ep
Okay , this may be a little uncomfortable .	3	ep
I would like to conclude with a follow-up question : when will we get an assessment of the consequences for consumers , industry and economic espionage , which may otherwise be in danger of developing ?	28	ep
It may be gone .	1	ep
Daniel , if we don 't stop them now , we may never stop them .	11	ep
May be we missed a step .	0	ep
It may rouse the whole gamut of emotions , but it will not be denied its role as the precursor of a new Europe , based on democracy , human rights , equality and European solidarity .	1	ep
A living dog is better than a dead lion ... ... you may find .	12	ep
It may close a few loopholes , but open up others . Let us be honest for once , ladies and gentlemen .	1	ep
He may not even exist .	1	ep
- It may have even been gone before Charles Carroll told the story to Thomas Gates .	2	ep
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with Laeken we may have found an antidote to some of the poisons present in the Treaty of Nice .	10	ep
He may not want me .	1	ep
You to provide us with any psychic leads that you may have .	10	ep
They may not understand my words ... ... but they know my feelings .	1	ep
You may not realise it , but you and your friends are a tribe .	1	ep
- The translation may be a little off .	3	ep
But after the technical updates , we will actually try ... ... whether we can do a question and answer session with 5, 000 people , or how many of you there are there . and it may not actually work out , because one of the 5, 000 people is really loud .	37	ep
" I 'm just hot , may open this bottle of $ 20 dollars nuts and end all . "	6	ep
As you may remember , however , In September 1994 , the Estonia disaster occurred in the north of Europe , causing 800 deaths .	2	ep
It goes on to say that for such goods Member States ' may enable the parties to agree to a shortened period of liability ' , that is shorter than 2 years .	12	de
Guy may have had a wife and kids ... ... before the universe sucked him up and spat him out .	1	ep
Fall from their grace , And you may never rise to former glories .	7	ep
May be that they won 't add to the beauty of the world , or the life of men 's souls .	0	ep
They managed to remove the device from his brain , but it may be too late .	12	ep
I may have left .	1	ep
Well , you know , I think it may be enough Because I found all these old maps ...	8	ep
Look , I may have lied about buying the urn , but I swear I didn 't know it was cursed .	3	ep
You may never see anything so real .	1	ep
We are also looking at issues relating to fishing to see what possibilities there may be for support in terms of the FIFG funds .	14	ep
We may even have a photograph of them in a convenience store .	1	ep
I 'm not entirely sure , but there may be a way out .	8	ep
I may not have told you everything , but what I told you was true .	1	ep
I think when he comes out of that kitchen , you may have to .	11	ep
We may need that arrow to fight for our lives !	1	ep
- I may have said something to him .	2	ep
As Parliament may be aware , the Commission 's proposal for this directive contained comprehensive provisions on information and consultation both as regards content and timing .	2	ep
Or may not be and admit you still have feelings for her . - Come on .	1	ep
And though it may forever be obscure to me ... ... I cannot but be aware of its power .	3	ep
I think the world may be going through a phase ... ... the way I was with Mother .	4	ep
It may be that we need to refer the matter to the Group of Three Wise Persons charged with investigating the situation in Austria .	1	ep
Boys , on the last few , we may have to cut a few corners . All right ?	8	ep
Both always fretting about what tomorrow may bring .	6	ep
While it 's true I may be lacking something in the west ... I more than make up for it in the north .	5	ep
Those of you who don 't may beat yourselves up about it .	6	ep
Men may have killed themselves over me !	1	ep
This may be the last time I 'll see you .	1	ep
He may be forced to travel through the forests and the stone country .	1	ep
- I may need a lift in a minute .	2	ep
I may sue you so I 'm putting down your words .	1	ep
While these interrogative measures may seem extreme , rest assured , they are vital ... ... our temporary truce with the Hostiles is not violated .	4	ep
We may catch a break and it will blow right by .	1	ep
You may not think so , but they 're judging you every second .	1	ep
If we take time to try to communicate with it , we may lose our chance to destroy it .	12	ep
Well , if you sent me a flower , that means other people may have , too .	13	ep
She may not have the strength to heal him .	1	ep
This may sound strange, but ... your father 's last few weeks , his death ... it could be beautiful if you let it be .	1	ep
Just may be !	1	ep
- You may want to go home some time .	2	ep
In any event , this debate can be held in the Conference of Presidents , which deals with these relations and any incidents which may occur .	24	ep
Madam President , if I may offer one brief reflection on that last question , I cannot believe that anybody would seriously refuse to see my friend and colleague , Dr Solana .	5	ep
Five minutes earlier he may not have even thought about it .	4	ep
A European tax may still be a long way off , but the Belgian presidency , the Belgian President of the European Union himself , has called for this .	3	ep
but you may be mistaken .	2	ep
The above comments , which may wrong the British government and the European Commission , do not appear to have affected either one or the other to date .	5	ep
We believe that general habib may have given fayed a duress signal .	5	ep
We call for respect for international conventions . It may be that some of them need to be reworked and revised , and they must genuinely be revised , not set aside .	9	ep
And you -- you may begin to love them ... for that .	4	ep
If you keep your mouth shut , the murderer may never be found .	9	ep
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as you may be aware , I am the Chairman of the Delegation to the EU-Russia Parliamentary Cooperation Committee .	9	ep
From time to time ... ... they must find their own way ... ... and that way may not be yours .	17	ep
I have reason to believe that his death may have national security implications .	8	ep
That is why the word I used may have appeared rather strong .	7	ep
This may come as a surprise to you I don 't get up too much .	1	ep
Which I wanted to prove by cutting the shark open ... y ou may want to let that breathe ...	13	ep
We may well be able to go further by 2010 , but this is something that can only be decided when we know how Member States will meet their Kyoto targets .	1	ep
Did you not just hear me say I needed to figure out a safe work- around to avoid any commands that may have been compromised ?	21	ep
- He may try to contact you .	2	ep
As you may know , the latest Europacinema conference began here in Strasbourg last weekend , and it is continuing through today and tomorrow .	2	ep
It 's a great way to unload any old rubbish you may have .	11	ep
I would be very interested to hear what else you may have to say to us , and then , even if it upsets my stomach , we would be happy to say ' yes ' .	10	ep
It must be admitted that , after 55 years of Community life , there may well be a lack of feeling of belonging to anything other than a merely geographical Europe .	14	ep
May you find in this nation ... ... the fulfilment of your dreams of peace and security ... ... and may America , in turn , never find you wanting ... ... in your new proud role of citizen of the United States .	0	ep
They are about to learn something Of our young Empress , that may give them pause for thought .	12	ep
Hatred of the USA may well make temporary allies of groups with extremely divergent political views , but it will never be able to be the basis for a common European foreign policy .	4	ep
We may have succeeded in shutting out the free riders that there always are with such a system .	1	ep
It may not be your theatre , but it 's theatre for somebody , somewhere .	1	ep
Now , if the United States cannot agree such pro-environment measures when its economy is prospering to such a great extent , what chance will we have another time , when things may not look so good ?	32	ep
There may be no safe fragrance for some allergic individuals .	1	ep
I may give it away , but no one will take it away .	1	ep
Now , you may have noticed , but chains don 't work on this guy .	3	ep
This nice shirt we paid lots of money for , soon it may not exist .	12	ep
I may be social , but that 's a boundary line even I won 't cross .	1	ep
I may be blinded by my love for him ... ... but I believe ... ... when we most needed it ... ... he offered the world a way out of madness .	1	ep
Stella left you at the altar , You may never love again .	8	ep
As you may know , the ECOFIN Council has broadly endorsed the EFC reports on extending the Lamfalussy arrangements to insurance , banking and financial conglomerates .	2	ep
Gotta risk it . May be the only opportunity I get .	4	ep
The European Parliament ' s reaction may not be fully appropriate , but it has been triggered by a genuine reason .	6	ep
Everything you say may be true , but it 's come too late .	3	ep
It is already foreseeable that some Member States that were very keen on producing a standard form , especially at the outset , will want to go their own way and may take a different route in future .	31	ep
- There may be a way out of this .	2	ep
And the battle for Egypt may even now be underway .	5	ep
We may not be able to find him , you know .	1	ep
If the team isn 't at the extraction point when you arrive , you may be forced to leave them , or put us all at risk .	14	ep
I may be a criminal , but I 'd never do to anybody what you did to me .	1	ep
This kind of recovery is not terribly costly but may still be too expensive for Senegal .	9	ep
Similarly , absolutely no consideration is given to the particular circumstances of persons who may have spent a long period of time in a Member State before being classed as illegal .	14	ep
We may .	1	ep
Those parties who would like to go much further must realise that they may be striving for the unachievable and that we may end up empty-handed at the final vote .	13	ep
Well , with regard to all these points , the common position may well have been affected by a climate which , following 11 September , is giving much greater consideration to national sovereignty and national security .	12	ep
- The passionate ones ... ... the ones who go after what they want ... ... well , they may not get what they want .	19	ep
See , of course you may have noticed I am rather afraid of heights and ...	5	ep
We may find houses over there .	1	ep
I may faint . Don 't worry .	1	ep
She may have had a prenatal paternity test done .	1	ep
This may have something to do with it .	1	ep
You may like her , but you 're always squabbling .	1	ep
Has it occurred to anyone that this thing may have been laying around that planet for , oh , quite some time , and that maybe it 's broken ?	8	ep
You may get away with it once or even a hundred times ... ... but in the end ... ... you 'll get bit .	1	ep
I 'm a friend of Sophie Zawistowska 's and you may have heard of me , Stingo	10	ep
They may be weak sometimes ...	1	ep
I may not know how you think . But I know what you 're thinking about .	1	ep
If these incinerators are not used , people may well have to go back to burial .	8	ep
It may be necessary to act in this way , but certain principles have to be adhered to in this issue .	1	ep
He was totally pushing it . Of course , but he may not realize he was doing it , in which case , maybe it 's another memory trying to claw its way out .	11	ep
As he may or may not know , the Commission is in the last stages of preparing a proposal on market abuse . That will hopefully be made known in a few weeks time .	2	ep
May I wake the bumblebee- bum	0	ep
You may think you got away with what you did ... ... and think , " My life is free now . " Right ?	1	ep
I may have ...	1	ep
We may be in prison ,,, but the prison is not in us ,	1	ep
I hope , even if the omens for this Intergovernmental Conference are not the best , that there may still be an opening here or there .	18	ep
I would also emphasise that the vast majority of MEPs support the proposals , and that includes delegates whose own countries may be less familiar with the tradition of openness .	21	ep
No . Sister Nicole may have .	4	ep
Niles Penland 's dead , but he may not be the last one .	7	ep
Mr President , first I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on a most balanced report and then , if I may , I should like to comment on a strategic point which particularly concerns me .	21	de
Her mind may contain answers to questions i 've had for a very long time .	2	ep
The larva may be the only thing ... .. that 's holding that transformation back .	2	ep
Wherever it was , it may have been by the water .	5	ep
They are more focused on the question of trying to keep out of the food chain carcasses that may be infected .	18	ep
I may not know where you 're really from , or where you went to school ... ... or if your dad was really a smackhead ... ... but you know me , man .	1	ep
I think Gene may wonder where I am .	3	ep
I may pop in ... for Vanessa 's toast , just for laughs .	1	ep
Flight , Digger One . We 've got two AlM- 120 Alpha rocket motors that may , ... .. l 'll say again , may be at our disposal .	24	ep
Those parties who would like to go much further must realise that they may be striving for the unachievable and that we may end up empty-handed at the final vote .	22	ep
Mr President , I may not look like Mr Schulz but I am deputising for him .	4	ep
- We may have already tried .	2	ep
They may be revving it up a bit .	1	ep
And you 're gonna make her believe it , because if you don 't , she may take you back one day and let you near her kid or mine .	16	ep
We may get a pick Harry Truman	1	ep
You may stay , but I ...	1	ep
You may not know that Jack Bauer was apparently involved in that attempt .	1	ep
I may have an address .	1	ep
She may not have known it , but that 's what she was doing .	1	ep
- It may not have been a joke .	2	ep
I may be able to reroute power to them so they can slow our descent .	1	ep
Fortunately , they were not sentenced to death , and that may be due to the intervention of Parliament which monitored the proceedings to ensure that the defendants received a fair trial in Iran .	11	ep
His own people may have felt he 'd been compromised .	3	ep
If men believe things strongly , they may die for them .	7	ep
My daughter may be an idiot , but she 's not stupid .	2	ep
May be we should walk ?	0	ep
It may be their project , but it 's my dream , my vision .	1	ep
Parts of it have been strengthened , but other parts may well contain too many compromises .	10	ep
If I may , I 'll come to the point .	2	de
My family may not last 20 minutes .	2	ep
Members may be interested to know that the Reverend Owen is with us today in the public gallery .	1	ep
Now you may .	2	de
Chief , there may have been a murder .	3	ep
Uh , anybody ever tell you you may be too small ?	7	ep
There may be a little baby bond .	1	ep
On the other hand , they may not .	6	ep
Mr President of the Commission , some small differences may well still be there .	9	ep
I may never touch it while I 'm there , not a drop .	1	ep
We may need to set up a quality evaluation programme for this purpose , as is done in regular education .	1	ep
I may need her for a job .	1	ep
Polly , this may be our last moment together .	3	ep
Something you may have been missing .	2	ep
Well , I think I may find that I 'm not ... the competitive type myself .	5	ep
Pistol , I will prick your guts a little in good terms , as I may .	15	ep
And head for some island which may not even exist ?	6	ep
I may be paranoid , but then ... ... nobody wants me to quit .	1	ep
May I say , Commissioner De Palacio , that these remarks naturally do not apply to the chapters for which you are responsible but to other chapters in this and other papers .	0	de
If I may use commercial language , the UN is actually a brand .	2	de
Now , most of you think you know the rest of the story , but you may not .	16	ep
When your passport expires , you may not be granted the right to practise in Hong Kong .	6	ep
Tonight is the calm before the storm ... ... and I may not get another chance for some time .	11	ep
In her old life ... she may not have had room for you .	6	ep
Anybody who may think that we have been too optimistic in this debate must understand that we are not starting from scratch .	2	ep
I believe that we may have a distorted view of reality .	4	ep
You may have even bet a few dollars that you could make ... the professor look like an idiot .	1	ep
I think they may have gone back into the jungle .	3	ep
It 's my building . Kids , you may remember that , a few years earlier , I was chosen to design the new Manhattan headquarters for Goliath National Bank .	8	ep
By the wisdom of my father , whom some of you may know .	11	ep
I 'm getting a call that may make me some money .	6	ep
You or I may have a glass of wine with our meal tonight , while many young people use the second most popular stimulant in Europe : cannabis .	3	ep
You may have to change your opinion ofhim .	1	ep
Doesn 't matter . It may have a phone or a radio .	5	ep
as you listen , you may feel a sense of deep tranquility , as if you returned to your mother 's womb .	5	ep
Political unification , political control may be what we need to resolve these questions and , by extension , the reviews and harmonisation of the laws governing these issues .	5	ep
If you please me I may let you live .	5	ep
This will then concern not just vaccination but also other aspects which may even have encouraged infection with foot-and-mouth disease .	12	ep
You may not be there all the time , but the time that you do have , you can make it count .	1	ep
How do we explain to our citizens a regulation that ensures applicants for asylum access to the labour market as soon as possible , whilst they themselves may be unemployed ?	27	ep
This guy may look like a real geek , but , he 's the genius of the school .	2	ep
Uh , you may also want to bring your own jelly .	3	ep
He may be crazy .	1	ep
That may sound very easy , but the opposing interests of the various countries are so enormous - depending on where they are situated in Europe - that it has been tremendously difficult to reach agreement .	1	ep
It 's two kids who may not enjoy the prison experience .	5	ep
It may be worthwhile to stress this at a time when election campaigns are underway in many of our Member States .	1	ep
The island ' indigenous population , some of you may have heard them referred to as " Hostiles " , are acquired on the main island , sedated and brought here , to Room 23 .	9	ep
And now Elle 's dead ... And very soon your father may be too .	11	ep
As budget specialists , we must also be prepared for the fact that we may face major problems in the future .	14	ep
I 'm just saying that he may just be heading out of town .	6	ep
I believe that this information may be of use and covers all of the requests made in Mr Posselt 's question .	5	ep
He may be able to go to the bathroom by himself someday .	1	ep
RTAs are useful signals of a major power interest in the region , and maintaining strong economic and trade ties with all major powers may yet prove to be an effective means of maintaining regional stability .	24	ep
It may be blue , but it 's the bomb .	1	ep
That is a sensible forecast to make , it is not an ambition that we have but it is a possibility that we may have to entertain .	23	ep
We therefore needed a more comprehensive approach and this recommendation may prove to be a useful contribution .	10	ep
Look , l -- I may not be ... an explorer ... or- or an adventurer ... or a treasure seeker or a gunfighter ... Mr. O 'Connell ... but I am proud of what I am .	5	ep
He may not realise something is wrong .	1	ep
After this , I may not be able to sway city council .	4	ep
- Well , he may not be the friend you think he is ,	4	ep
May I thank the Commission for an excellent initiative on our relationship with the UN .	0	de
As you may know , I am also rapporteur for the Stability Pact , which I always extol as the greatest conflict prevention project .	2	ep
We may have some new visitors .	1	ep
She may go to Brussels to teach English .	1	ep
It may make a difference to you later on .	1	ep
Transport chains that may also involve transportation by road must also be included .	3	ep
Madam President , great importance has been attached to the reform process , which deserves to be acknowledged , although this may be somewhat premature .	21	ep
- There may have been several . - Hm .	2	ep
I may be having a problem .	1	ep
I may have a way to figure out where he 's running surveillance from .	1	ep
You just remember one thing , my friend . I may not always be here .	10	ep
And you may ... ... for a while .	2	ep
Now , that may seem very noble right now , But believe me , after you 're in a federal prison For a few years , you will feel very different .	3	ep
I may feel better because of that .	1	ep
They may have crossed the border into Nicaragua .	1	ep
Well , David , you may not love me , but you will never leave me .	5	ep
We may have grown up a few miles from each other , but we were both from different worlds .	1	ep
They may cut your dick in half And serve it to a pig	1	ep
There may be some good news .	1	ep
Members may know that the risk capital action plan was first adopted at the Cardiff Summit , the capital city of Wales and also the city in which I live .	1	ep
Last but not least , the European Patent Office and the unfair patents that may have been granted or that will be granted in future are primarily the responsibility of the signatory states .	14	ep
The field of operations may move so near to us that ...	4	ep
McLeod may settle the whole problem for us .	1	ep
Mr President , I would like , if I may , to make some comments that have been inspired by this report .	9	de
It may be a chess game to Murphy ... but I don 't like his methods , and I can 't go along with him .	1	ep
A quaint little town , but look beneath the surface and what you 'll find may surprise you --	15	ep
After I 'm big , I may start acting weird , stop returning calls , dressing all in black , fancy restaurants , the whole shtick .	6	ep
- It may take an order .	2	ep
Sir , you may have heard that I work suspects as if they were all guilty . In some way they all are .	3	ep
You Northern boys may be used to uptight ladies like Miss Joey , but one country fuck , and all those city girls will seem like nothing more than a hole in your mattress .	3	ep
I may noeverwino anoother role , so these may be my onoly memories , you knoow , of Hollywood .	1	ep
Yes , there is something . Something you love better than me ... ... though you may not know it .	16	ep
Two of us may not be able to separate Gabriel from his sword , but we can certainly fight him off .	3	ep
It is important that when we speak about young people we should recognise that we may not be the best people to understand what they want .	15	ep
He may come in our uniform .	1	ep
These sovereign states may even be less willing to work towards the establishment of a real Union .	3	ep
Life may knock you down :	1	ep
No , but I may have figured out a way	4	ep
You may have read some of my early works .	1	ep
A lot of us are past the first flush of youth and , therefore , we may not be as clued up on today 's youth culture as some of us might like to believe .	16	ep
We believe Lieutenant Evans ' killer may be carrying ciprofloxacin .	6	ep
Aye , but you may !	4	ep
There may be something in what you say .	1	ep
- Martha . May I change the subject for a moment ?	3	de
Now , as you may know , Sara Tancredi was arrested recently , and is currently being house at the Miami Dade State Penitentiary .	4	ep
They may be in trouble .	1	ep
Members may be aware that Mr Holmes recently underwent major surgery and I am sure that the House will join me in wishing him a speedy recovery .	1	ep
I may be a total screw- up , but somehow I 've produced a daughter who is as perfect as a child can be .	1	ep
- Your father may be very ill . - Really ?	3	ep
It may be unethical .	1	ep
If you take away a cornerstone , much more may come tumbling down .	9	ep
Yeah , well , there may be more than meets the eye here .	5	ep
Louise says it was a dagger , but she may be lying .	9	ep
He may have altered his M. O.	1	ep
As a legislative text is may also be more effective if it remains narrow in scope .	5	ep
I think Kyle may be connected to a murder .	3	ep
Mr President , as some colleagues may know , I live in Cumbria at the heart of last year 's foot and mouth outbreak .	6	ep
And that Warden Pope , how he was granting favors to Scofield because Scofield helped him with his personal projects , thereby exposing him to certain restricted areas where he may have been able to obtain a key to the infirmary .	30	ep
But you ... shouldn 't be upset by something that may not be true .	10	ep
- The battle may be , your Majesty .	3	ep
Mr President , may I , on behalf of the European Liberal Democrats , thank and congratulate Mr Oostlander . His was a well prepared report .	3	de
He told me you may have a book of Swedish poems by Von Brieson .	4	ep
The others may not go home , but from what happened , I 'm sure he will .	2	ep
Yes , it may .	3	ep
I may know something about Rosenberg and Jensen .	1	ep
There may be another way out of here .	1	ep
Argentina may not be in a strategic area , but if we do not help Argentina , there is a danger that the rest of Latin America might follow in its footsteps .	1	ep
Mr President , it appears that the Council may have arrived .	8	ep
He may be in custody .	1	ep
I may now .	1	de
That may take load number two .	1	ep
This may be harder than you think .	1	ep
They may have even visited Earth and inspired the concept of Mother Nature .	1	ep
We may have created a monster in the lab .	1	ep
Um , well , the doctor means , Bess ... ... that , um , sometimes ... ... in some cases when life isn 't worth living , ... ... then it may be better to die .	32	ep
You may want to leave now .	1	ep
Of course you will , And it may hurt , But you will survive .	7	ep
I may not remember everything but ... I remember enough .	1	ep
Yes , they may kill me .	3	ep
But it may be a double- cross , Rifkin , and I may need your help .	12	ep
I think they may be after us .	3	ep
It may not be too late .	1	ep
you may want to go inside .	1	ep
The Gothenburg Council may still have a chance of getting things back on an even keel .	3	ep
As some of you may have heard , there is a hurricane warning tonight .	4	ep
You may even get a hit .	1	ep
I know there are a lot of discussions going on about the pension system at the moment and the Commissioner may , indeed , refer to that later .	20	ep
It may look like fun , but it 's -- it 's work , work , work .	1	ep
It may also be the case that a cup of cocoa and a bedtime story are essential for everyone but this is not something which should be done at EU level .	1	ep
- The benefit may outweigh the risk .	3	ep
This picture you may find somewhat controversial .	3	ep
She may have some word of David . ( Phillip ) - Of course , it 's this way .	1	ep
You may have killed him already .	1	ep
I may just have to fight you for it .	1	ep
It must be perfectly clear that this constitution may well be the last chance we have to realise a Europe of equal rights , rather than a two-tier-Europe .	8	ep
All they 're admitting to is there may have been some unauthorised use of their gate .	7	ep
May be loaded just might not be Cos I 'm a menace to society	0	ep
I 'd been there a while . I may have left traces , prints , forensic shit . I don 't know .	8	ep
Lisbon may well have shown us how to leave this behind us because , if we are to attain its objectives , we need public investment in the new economy .	1	ep
To Mr De Clercq , who also spoke , perhaps I may answer in the language which we have in common .	11	ep
But I do acknowledge , of course , that we still have a great deal to do and that probably this accumulation of legislative proposals on discrimination may even lead to and require a different legal procedure .	27	ep
It may have been a factor . You need to ask the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1	ep
There may be a hundred more .	1	ep
What we must recognise , however , is that much of what creates a threat to our environment may not only be helping mankind in other ways but may actually be helping the environment itself .	18	ep
But about the crime you may know a lot .	5	ep
You may be a big shot around here up in Harlem but below 110th Street you 're nothing but a hired nigger .	1	ep
European Union and US farmers are subsidy junkies and although the agreement does not spell an end to this transatlantic addiction , it may be a step in the right direction .	23	ep
And today , I really started wondering whether he may have killed Freddie .	9	ep
Listen , Lieutenant . You may not know this ... ... but in the law there 's something called force majeure .	5	ep
- Laugh at me , I may use limes , but I will drink you under the table .	6	ep
If I may ask , what are you - ?	2	de
We may get potatoes .	1	ep
It may be a country they have heard of .	1	ep
He may have already released the virus .	1	ep
I may have told a few people down the pub .	1	ep
Amanda Graystone 's shocking revelation that her own daughter may have been a ... there are apparently hackers out there who are working on a virtual game version of the bombing .	9	ep
May I turn to some of the detailed areas in the particular proposals that the Commission has asked Parliament to comment upon .	0	de
And , you may want to cover your eyes .	3	ep
I am considering the fact that we may be able to save lives on Earth .	7	ep
Someday I may find them all , but in any event , I 'm going to keep on looking .	2	ep
- Now , this may be retarded , or maybe I 'm just baked , but you said you wanted Vince to gain 50 pounds for the part .	4	ep
I agree with Mrs McKenna that if it is not possible to severely restrict these practices , a ban may soon be unavoidable .	19	ep
Mr President , Commissioner , first may I also associate myself strongly with the remarks made by my colleague , Mr Galeote , with regard to terrorism .	6	de
A person that may be in this room ,	3	ep
- I may be a man of the future ? - Who knows ?	2	ep
May I ask you a question ?	0	de
He may have overheard something that made him apprehensive .	1	ep
I have a little announcement to make that may be of some interest .	8	ep
" The team says they may explore free- agent options " and would also would consider " trading for an established player before the season begins . "	5	ep
- We 're looking into the possibility It was done while david was in school When the bag may have been left unattended .	18	ep
Somebody may have seen something .	1	ep
You may say I 'm losing it , but I have the bills here ...	1	ep
- I don 't see how that -- - Because if he did impress her , he may be inclined to do it again .	17	ep
In both cases , spouses and dependent children may accompany the holder of the right of residence and may work .	18	ep
They may have found a donor lung .	1	ep
I may sound very emotional but I think that I 'm going to cry there because I grew up listening to lron Maiden .	1	ep
I think that it was a good thing that Mr Vermeer withdrew a couple of amendments , otherwise it may have resulted in the social dumping we have been talking about .	19	ep
That is a major and positive change , which may make it possible to put an end to practices that are dangerous and harmful to our environment .	9	ep
Mother , I may be back late .	3	ep
Tomorrow , someone like that may be scratching your back .	5	ep
Okay , there may be a problem .	3	ep
Now , I may look like I 'm pondering my securities , but in reality ,	3	ep
The Kyoto 5 % targeted reduction by 2010 from 1990 levels may not go far enough .	11	ep
You may not be aware , But I 'm under an intense amount of scrutiny at the moment .	1	ep
I may lose my seat at the table If i don 't come up with six weeks ' worth of private flight records .	1	ep
Quickly . There may be time .	3	ep
There may have been a murder .	1	ep
I may not get another chance to -- [ Static lnterference ] tomake -- another chance -- chance -- to thesite -- site .	1	ep
You may recall ... ... prior to the start of term I expressed concerns ... ... about your appointment of Professor ...	1	ep
It means there may be some internal injuries .	3	ep
We 'll keep settling deeper . We may even go under . . . . . . before we cut our way out .	7	ep
If you destroy that ... ... it may be irreparable .	7	ep
All I 'm saying is , you may be a little selfish .	7	ep
You may have hardware concealed about your person .	1	ep
But we may save hundreds of others .	2	ep
Time has passed , she may have forgotten all that I said .	5	ep
Mr President , may I briefly put a question to Commissioner Bolkestein ?	3	de
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I may be stating the obvious when I say that this report is one of the most important to have been discussed in this House .	10	ep
Members of this House may think otherwise , but this is a cynical attempt to hijack the Games in order to promote the European agenda .	4	ep
Well , money may not buy love or happiness , but it 'll buy a whole lot of bachelors .	3	ep
- I may close early today .	2	ep
It may not be me , but someday some vampire is gonna rip you open to get at the essence inside of you .	1	ep
A new municipal or national government may want to conduct a policy that does not require as much in terms of purchases as that of the previous political leadership .	6	ep
- There may be werewolves in these hills .	2	ep
Seven of my patients may have died today , But these two won 't ! ' cause I 'm gonna get them On this ambulance ,	4	ep
- If there 's silver left on the emulsion , we may be able to bring out the picture . EXcuse me .	11	ep
It may be that there are other sectors for which a similar approach would be helpful .	1	ep
My father would have seen things differently . No , he may have done things differently , but there 's no other way to see it .	11	ep
You may not be there all the time , but the time that you do have you can make that count .	1	ep
Ladies and gentlemen , we- we may have a cautionary situation here , so we 'll take a short break .	6	ep
I may be able to stop by now .	1	ep
\u00c9 was saying that you may be s\u00c9ow in starting , but there 's nobody faster .	5	ep
Mr. Ambassador , because there may be one yet .	5	ep
We just want you to be happy . But your family and friends , they may have a little accident, like meryl .	15	ep
We may not have much time . . . . . . so let 's spend all of it talking about Bender .	1	ep
Mr President , may I say that I am totally dissatisfied with the Council representative ' s reply . First of all , I asked a straightforward question .	3	de
You may want to re-read a few paragraphs to see if all these points are really ripe for the bin , which is not so easy to admit for an English person .	1	ep
It may take days , even weeks , before the details become clear , but sources close to the ClA cite Special Agent Jack Bauer of the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit as the man responsible for saving Palmer .	1	ep
You may have come to the right place .	1	ep
Please be careful , clark . Kryptonians don 't exactly roll out the welcome mat , and if this guy ditched his S. O. S. , He may not want to be found .	27	ep
You may forget about it again until you 're too old to go .	1	ep
You may need somebody .	1	ep
You may need this .	1	ep
Just know that if he gets too unmanageable , we may ask you to take care of him .	10	ep
Mr President , if I may , I shall answer all three at the same time .	5	de
You may never eat chicken again .	1	ep
There may be two lives we have to save .	1	ep
We 're also being told that there may never be a public announcement ... Honey . ... of the list of casualties since some of the men killed ... ... may have been stationed at Incirlik on classified missions .	30	ep
Mr President , may I thank the Commissioner very much for his very positive reply about cooperation with Parliament .	3	de
This may in fact be the best way to effectively monitor the state of the vehicles in circulation on our roads .	1	ep
The glider 's cannon may still be operational .	4	ep
You may think that an old man wouldn 't be afraid to die ... ... but this old man is very frightened .	1	ep
I think we have to acknowledge the possibility ... that the president ... may be dead .	13	ep
He may have returned to the crime scene to get a drink of water .	1	ep
On the way to European independence we may have to work with those trying to catch up with the US 's enormous lead .	7	ep
This will certainly facilitate the introduction of a new regulation concerning environmental data and may even render this unnecessary .	14	ep
May I say that I am personally confident of the fact that an agreement between the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission will be achieved on these issues .	0	de
Because a kid you don 't know may have some problem that you don 't know about that she may have passed on to a kid ?	19	ep
Well , his priorities may be different , but his personality is in a whole other universe .	4	ep
Mr President , may I commence by complimenting Mr Langen on his work .	3	de
You may want to let that breathe ... Nothing .	1	ep
The evening may not be a total loss after all .	2	ep
May be you should go .	0	ep
It may not be ideal, but if that 's how he does things, you should roll with it .	1	ep
It may be part of the divine plan .	1	ep
Happy may have hit on something here . There , you see ?	1	ep
We may just have a shot at this thing .	1	ep
I shouldn 't be saying anything , but she 's been under quarantine ... ... because of an unidentifiable mark that may be an infection .	21	ep
The devil only knows , he may have grown old a bit .	6	ep
You do your duty and we may get along ... ... but whatever happens , you 'll do your duty .	6	ep
We may be facing terrible times ahead but it is essential that we have the courage as well as the compassion to consider carefully the alternatives .	1	ep
If you come and see me in the years to come , as I hope you wiIl . . . . . . you may see me hesitate .	24	ep
I may have been endowed with a pagan heart , imbibing inordinately , tickling the little girls and fondling overmuch , but I have given myself to God at keyboard and organ and other instruments more than most men , I tell you ,	1	ep
- You may have gotten a virus .	2	ep
Listen partner , you may not like my nose , but I do .	4	ep
There may be another way , though .	1	ep
" She may never forgive me . "	2	ep
It may well prove to be the last straw that breaks the camel 's back and may drive the UK out of the common fisheries policy .	16	ep
You may already be girlfriends . - Really ?	1	ep
Comrade Captain , may I address you ?	3	de
Mr President , it may surprise you to learn that I do indeed wish to raise a point of order . I note from the Minutes that the aforementioned ...	4	ep
You don 't seem very surprised to learn that this Dr. Edwardes ... is a fake and may be guilty of murder .	17	ep
As for the trade in agricultural products , another important area , market access may well be at the heart of the negotiations .	14	ep
If not , we may have neither and future generations may find it very hard to forgive us .	4	ep
You may wanna roll a scan .	1	ep
It may take a few days .	1	ep
They may be around here .	1	ep
Now , this may be a friend of yours , but you just can 't go barge into the man 's office and accuse him of murder .	3	ep
He may have left with her , but he didn 't kill her .	1	ep
Just a moment , Janet . They may have a phone .	7	ep
If obstacles continue to be put in the way , we may be responsible for a more serious conflict .	11	ep
She may be dying ... ... and it 's all my fault .	1	ep
And if the lamp is thrown into the flaming pit , he may be destroyed .	12	ep
We may get a tad damp today .	1	ep
You see , he may not trust us as much as we trust each other .	4	ep
It may buy us the time we need .	1	ep
Among those arriving in Manchester airport were Belgian nationals , some of whom may not have been involved in any hooliganism at all .	13	ep
May 'be later .	0	ep
I may be collecting on that .	1	ep
Then there are the interests of the Member States , which , being on the receiving end , may have to start from the premise of a worst case scenario .	18	ep
This programme may be drawing to a close , but I have heard many positive indications that it could continue although there may not be sufficient funds in view of all the associated problems .	22	ep
But six hours may not be enough .	3	ep
If he knows , then others may also come to know .	6	ep
You may have seen her there , a foundling .	1	ep
In this case - and I must stress this , as it may be an issue on which Mr Oostlander and myself do not agree - the national administrations are the key players in this programme .	12	ep
Some day , you may have to do a difficult service for me .	4	ep
It may prove helpful .	1	ep
Mr Mayer may know that in his country , Germany , there was once a system of international exhaustion .	2	ep
That may have been true once , but not any more .	1	ep
Bastard 's got intel where the Mayans may be setting up their heroin shop .	7	ep
You may want to go inside .	1	ep
We may not be in time to save him .	1	ep
Tongue may be straight ... ... but mouth hide many sharp teeth .	1	ep
And if you loved him ... and were patient with him ... and even though he didn 't dare ever ... tell you anything about himself personally ... Even though he may have loved you ... would you ...	31	ep
I may be screwy , but this sounds like Rico .	1	ep
The Commission may have perfectly good reasons for not doing so , but we would like to know what they are .	2	ep
I may go back there .	1	ep
They may return .	1	ep
This may fit in rather well with the development currently taking place within the European Union .	1	ep
He has no respect for your time , much less any sort of life that you may have outside of this place .	16	ep
Someday , they may be scarce .	3	ep
Basically , we may be facing an attempt to promote social dumping .	3	ep
Look guys , I may have had a little indiscretion .	4	ep
He may even know my identity , which could be a problem .	1	ep
The Buy More may be your home , but it 's not mine .	3	ep
They may have a folder with my name on it .	1	ep
Um , the autopsy also shows that he may have been assaulted , knocked in the head .	8	ep
Regulation may feel like cost-free political points to politicians , but someone has to pay the bill .	1	ep
Let us repeat ourselves , therefore , although it may be that , for once , it will not be necessary .	9	ep
He may be prepared , but he 's not ready .	1	ep
I may lose a fortune , but I 'm willing to guarantee your people , too .	1	ep
This morning may have been such a time .	2	ep
We may need these .	1	ep
And Balboa may never have psychologically recovered from that vicious knockout that Clubber laid on him .	2	ep
Notwithstanding what happened to Teal 'c , ... .. there may be invaluable technology on that planet .	10	ep
But I may have something .	2	ep
If you apologise , she may let you in .	5	ep
It may help if I recall briefly the Commission 's motivation for producing these two communications .	1	ep
Here I am on the threshold of a decision that may mean my last chance for happiness , and you say go away !	10	ep
However , there are three aspects which I do not agree with and which may be crucial :	14	ep
Okay , I don 't know where you 're going with this , But tread carefully beuse it may be the last conversation we ever have .	18	ep
* grandma may smell funny, but hug her anyway hug her anyway she 's old , *	2	ep
Rubbish ! Crank he may be , traitor he is not .	4	ep
They may even want to marry you .	1	ep
Uh , this may sound sort of crazy .	3	ep
I may leave town next week .	1	ep
- [ Homer 's Voice ] Dear Dr Larch : What I 'm learning here may not be as important as what I learned from you , but everything is new to me .	15	ep
Unless we can catch one of them , we may have no choice .	9	ep
It may or may not have something to do with the stray cat that I took in .	3	ep
They may have eliminated him .	1	ep
It may also well be that over the next few years we shall no longer be able to develop more far-reaching legislation in a Union of 25 members .	1	ep
No one lost from it , and you may gain something .	8	ep
He may get beaten up , you realize ?	1	ep
Look Mary this may seem sudden , but I 've given it a lot of thought .	3	ep
I may be out of town .	1	ep
All right , I may like it just a little bit .	4	ep
You may have survived Cleveland , you may have escaped from New York , but this is LA , vato .	7	ep
It may sound superficial , but it 's true .	1	ep
We made Iove ... you may be pregnant .	5	ep
In terms of the long view politically and economically , we may also be able to establish a better legal system with a stronger UN .	11	ep
It may or may not have made any difference but certainly it will not have done the Parliamentary delegation any good service .	3	ep
I think Nate may have done something to affect the results .	3	ep
- It may just be natural talent , sir .	2	ep
The uncertainty which the referendum may have caused and spread to the applicant countries must be dealt with by our showing even more clearly that enlargement will continue .	5	ep
You know , you may not care about anybody else but yourself , but Clark does .	4	ep
Do you know who may have wanted to hurt you or ted ?	4	ep
Ah . You may get there , Mother .	3	ep
He may be a secret agent .	1	ep
If we can figure out what happened to the victim 's skeletal structure , we may be able to figure out what happened to him .	15	ep
Do we really appreciate the degree to which social problems may be exacerbated as a result of enlargement ?	10	ep
The next week you may feel a little tired .	4	ep
At the moment , it may be that we are once again seeing some light at the end of the tunnel .	5	ep
Well , I may be small , but I 've got a big brain .	3	ep
There is no financial damage , but there may be environmental damage because the environmental impact assessment was not carried out .	8	ep
I may think it sometimes , but I don 't really want it .	1	ep
As one of his sexual partners ... she may not know .	8	ep
Some of this may even be listed as a receipt in the state 's budget , but it is virtually unheard of for the people to benefit from it in the shape of infrastructure or health provision .	3	ep
We may get another chance .	1	ep
- He really may not know , sir .	3	ep
Mr Martin may be interested to hear about this . He can rest assured that my colleagues and I are determined to pursue that subject , although some Member States do not agree with this approach .	2	ep
And it may be that George is right .	2	ep
May be able to slow him down with this one !	0	ep
Some of us have come to acceptwe may never leave it .	7	ep
Charlene is considered dangerous , and may be armed .	6	ep
We may never know the number of victims in Iraq , as history tends to be written by the victors .	1	ep
She may have been a great singer , but she was a lousy human being .	1	ep
Your mom may be hot , hanna , But she 's not hot enough to make that go away .	2	ep
That may not be wise .	1	ep
Housewives get lonely too , though you may not realise it since they haven 't made an ad .	7	ep
None of this is as easy as it may be portrayed in the press , but we are , in substance , a very active player in contributing to making the fund a meaningful and well-organised entity .	8	ep
New things may also , for example , be required of us in respect of Cyprus .	2	ep
I may have found our connection to the guy you met at June 's . That 's him .	1	ep
Religion may not be perfect , but it is a well- built boat ... that can stay balanced and carry you to the other shore .	1	ep
This is a matter of particular concern to me insofar as anxieties may have been aroused in the debate here which , in my view , are not really justified .	12	ep
He may have been ... though .	1	ep
One may involve only a few products or sectors , while the other may extend well beyond traditional tariffs to areas such as intellectual property and standards .	1	ep
Those affected by this may have been beautiful for a short time but are ill for a long time afterwards .	4	ep
I may be able to help you ?	1	ep
I ... may have been out of my mind and not know where I was doing or anything , but it was me .	2	ep
If you say I complete you , I may hurl .	8	ep
These two children may be dying !	3	ep
Sugimura , there may be a way out	3	ep
Your father may not be home for dinner tonight .	2	ep
It may be quite useful for us , as politicians , to be confronted with the question of whether sports and politics should have anything to do with each other or not .	1	ep
It may be THAT time is upon you .	1	ep
What , playing Cyrano to a fourth- grader who may or may not be your son ?	9	ep
He hasn 't even been dead 48 hours and you have the nerve to stand here And ask me how much money I may or may not get ?	25	ep
May I ask a question in return ?	0	de
As some of you may know , I went on a short trip to Vietnam recently .	4	ep
And the man who wears it may be a regular guy at home .	6	ep
But I may not be so kind this time .	2	ep
- There may be some change in there .	2	ep
- You may like it . See , I honeymooned there and that 's probably why I didn 't like it .	2	ep
That may be a response to conditions in the Member States .	1	ep
The proposal represents a radical improvement on our existing Treaties - way beyond what many may have expected .	15	ep
He has been inside Michael 's operation and he may know something .	9	ep
She may be less resistant .	1	ep
Well , Colorado may be big in miles . It 's kinda short on people .	3	ep
I may have put the idea in his head .	1	ep
After that , you may get part of it .	4	ep
But be careful : it may be painful .	5	ep
Homicide detective . But channel nine has learned There may be a connection	9	ep
May I add a few examples ?	0	de
It may be possible , it 's true .	1	ep
I may not be perfect , but I am good at some things .	1	ep
May seem like one to you .	0	ep
You may have lost your conjugals , but I can do you one better .	1	ep
There may be a room where I stay .	1	ep
It may be that her healing abilities are fighting off the infection without eradicating it completely .	1	ep
Because there may be hope for you yet .	2	ep
- I may shock you .	2	ep
Now , I may not have sought this job originally , but I do want it .	3	ep
But you may be sick .	2	ep
If I may say so , we do not have any proof that they are of the Ieyasu clan .	2	de
I welcome the fact that the Commission is maintaining its pressure on the banks and that it may increase the pressure further with the action it is taking against 120 banks .	17	ep
You know , this may not be the right time , but ... ... somehow , it seems that between ...	4	ep
Yet we may still save her soul .	2	ep
This may not apply to all the Groups here in this Chamber .	1	ep
Well , they may not interest the Party , but they interest me !	3	ep
I think Eric left for a lot of reasons ... ... but Mary may be why he comes back .	13	ep
If I don 't do it now , I may never get another chance .	9	ep
Now , as you may know , the prevailing rate for this sort of thing ... ... is $10, 000 .	4	ep
The fact is that fishing will move to open areas where spawning may be taking place and young cod may be present .	12	ep
Calder may have regained control .	1	ep
- You may learn to like it .	2	ep
We may never meet again , Mrs. Benn .	1	ep
He may have a wallet .	1	ep
Whatever 's under this platform may tell us how you came to be on Orban .	5	ep
The time to use these may be near at hand .	5	ep
I may have told her that she smelled like wet ass .	1	ep
Well , he may just surprise us both .	3	ep
I may have to ... ... go back to California to straighten something out .	1	ep
They claim three aircraft confirmed . The fourth may only be damaged .	8	ep
Someone else may have seen the vehicle .	2	ep
Obviously there is , and may continue to be , disagreement .	5	ep
I would , however , like to focus on what may be a painful aspect of the budget - we must exercise caution when it comes to the appropriations for Iraq .	10	ep
You may not be sure of where you belong anymore ... ... but home is always there .	1	ep
Well , you may have forgotten that you were once a very sick little girl , but I haven 't .	3	ep
I may not have that much time .	1	ep
We just may be at the end of the line .	2	ep
- Tanner may have been watching Martin .	2	ep
That 's a detail which means I may not have to spend the rest my life in here .	7	ep
But in time Tommy Gunn may be able to fill his shoes . Next question .	5	ep
However , it seems to us that the documents which will be submitted to the Stockholm European Council may be excessively numerous and that we may have to make more progress in preparing for these meetings .	18	ep
You may have saved my life , But yours is yet worth little in the arena .	1	ep
What ? There may be a defect in the pump .	3	ep
It may be that a lot of environmental and health-related information will be withheld from the public if such a line is not drawn .	1	ep
They may not have ten minutes .	1	ep
Human DNA structure may take more time .	3	ep
- They may want her mother . - Why ?	2	ep
Madam President , may I first thank Mr Graa Moura for weaving his way through the rather tough textiles and fibres that have made up this conciliation tapestry .	3	de
You may be able to assuage quite a number of fears with your answer .	1	ep
* Grandma may smell funny, but hug her anyway * accept her stinky kisses , and then go out and play	2	ep
It would be a very useful exercise if Members would consider reporting to the medical services any unusual illnesses that they may have contracted and which are treated at home in their Member State .	21	ep
George may be very rich very soon .	1	ep
If we can isolate the strain ... ... we may be able to understand this virus ' personality .	9	ep
I 'm hostile because while you may just think I 'm vince 's bitch , I 've done pretty okay for myself .	6	ep
I mean , ... .. this island may not actually even exist .	7	ep
Well , don 't get too comfortable , mr . Ambassador , because there may be one yet .	14	ep
If I find anything else , I may retire early .	7	ep
This may be the most important work I 've ever done .	1	ep
He may have hit his head .	1	ep
Mr President , it seems clear that the Reverend Owen 's situation does not involve any breach of the letter of European Community law , contrary though it may be to its spirit .	28	ep
May I ?	0	de
At this point , we may need to have the courage to confront European opinion head on .	5	ep
For all I know , he may have even heard voices , too , but he sure didn 't listen to them .	6	ep
This company hired you to make money , Not " Super wheat " For some famine That may never happen .	17	ep
The Goa 'uld may need that .	3	ep
Well , you may not have heard of it .	3	ep
But we may have seen nothing yet , because we are moving into an era of new legislation - the era of co-regulation .	2	ep
This world may have blinded me , but the Lord let me see .	2	ep
I may retire there one day .	1	ep
He may be big , but he 's not grown up .	1	ep
It may have been too cautious in what it did , in that rail capacity was not fully utilised .	1	ep
And second, I may be a high school dropout , but you 're the slut who killed her husband so she can bang half the town .	3	ep
You may end up loving it .	1	ep
Rubik , may be you will go tomorrow ?	2	ep
Assad may still be in the vicinity .	1	ep
He may be our mailman , but he was born to grill !	1	ep
But if I do get through this , I may have other plans .	9	ep
But that may change .	2	ep
We may have a chance now .	1	ep
You may think this is the front for something .	1	ep
We may be able to fix you .	1	ep
It may be necessary for a Soviet aircraft to act as a target .	1	ep
If this terror cell is activating , Los Angeles may not be the only target .	9	ep
We may be too late .	1	ep
My accessing the sanitation dept . network may have tipped him off .	7	ep
You may want to cancel any impending lunch plans .	1	ep
If there are any reasons at all for concern , alternatives to depleted uranium must be invested in and , until certainty has been arrived at , its use may have to be suspended .	29	ep
And she may be just at the beginning , which is why we need to address this fast .	2	ep
But you may will get your chance again some day .	2	ep
I may be a bastard , but I 'm not a fuckin ' bastard .	1	ep
Now , well , they think we may have missed him .	7	ep
It appears that the general issues have already been dealt with and I would therefore like , if I may , just to focus on Slovenia .	19	de
We may bring round the French to our point of view .	1	ep
The results are obviously not what we would have liked , but it is important to make a start and we may have more success at the next Council meeting .	21	ep
We may have a lead on brandon 's location .	1	ep
Apart from quite understandable economic interests in many Member States , this amendment has to be seen against the background of the many serious rail incidents which may have been caused by inadequate checks .	27	ep
\u266a I may look simple , but I want you to know \u266a \u266a I 've been to college , I 'm full of knowledge \u266a \u266a I 'm right at home with brainy men \u266a \u266a and them my wisdom I show \u266a \u266a but when there 's clever girls around \u266a \u266a I get up and go \u266a \u266a those educated babies are a bore ... \u266a	2	ep
- We may have spooked Fayed .	2	ep
Waiting for a man you 're not married to , who may never return .	11	ep
We may be getting a glimpse into the other side .	1	ep
If he was murdered , she may be the last to see him alive .	6	ep
( To the Sheriff of Red Rock , Wayne Brown may have hired a killer to murder his wife . )	10	ep
You may ask things I won 't want to answer .	1	ep
I would like , if I may , Mr President , to address the Belarusian Head of State .	6	de
I may have to see you again .	1	ep
You know , Metro News 1 may not be number one in viewership , but this reporter takes pride in ,,, ( EX CLAlMS )	6	ep
You may rope Dutcher , but Isham can always hire a new gunslinger .	1	ep
That said , we must fight the temptation ... ... to make hasty policy decisions we may come to regret .	16	ep
Probably , it went down with the ship , but there 's the possibility it was ... ... knocked loose and may drift ashore somewhere ... ... today , tomorrow , who knows ?	21	ep
By doing what we are doing we may also be pushing the limit for what is possible .	7	ep
You are a polite young lady , if I may .	9	de
They may very well be right .	1	ep
- I may have given them a heads- up .	2	ep
But at this time , we may be able to find some .	6	ep
Once he 's in a more pliable state , he may be able to access his memories .	10	ep
You know , I may not have cared for your friend for reasons you well know ,	4	ep
As democrats we have a responsibility to explain fully the reasons why it may be necessary to take action in order to uphold the will of the international community , which is that Saddam Hussein should unconditionally disarm .	13	ep
It is a report which came about with difficulty and may well be too late .	10	ep
They may not be civilized .	1	ep
So this may be a little late .	2	ep
Well , you may not know him as well as you think you do .	3	ep
Because if one day ... you happen to notice some gorgeous girl giving you that " Iet 's screw around " look ... just remember , she may be working for me .	27	ep
In my view , Mr Savary 's arguments concerning the legal basis - which is necessary because we may otherwise be facing legal battles - are sound .	18	ep
You may not .	1	ep
He may be a fool .	1	ep
You may hear from him before the day 's over .	1	ep
You may not have known , but you certainly had suspicions .	1	ep
Oh , there may be no atheists in the foxholes , but there are , occasionally , lovers .	3	ep
We may yet , Mr. Frodo .	1	ep
Well , I may not eat meat , But I am not gonna eat that injustice .	3	ep
You hear that and you register it and you might kind of pick up on that and may be later on you\u2019 il think hey I wonder what the hot act is bang that might be in your head .	17	ep
And may yet become one yourself .	1	ep
This may be Kobol .	1	ep
So it may be that I will never see my daughter again .	2	ep
And I got a kid I may never see again .	6	ep
You may not believe it ... ... but I am sorry for the trouble I caused you .	1	ep
I understand that there may be some people who feel that more Europe , that a more integrated Europe will put an end to the current legal and political situation or to national States as we know them .	4	ep
There may come a time when you need a second pair of hands .	1	ep
What I do is quite modern . It may feel strange . . . . . . at first , but if you 're open , you might enjoy it .	8	ep
Well , he may change his mind aboutyou .	3	ep
If I may ?	2	de
However , I should introduce one correction . It may have been a linguistic matter , but Mr Santini said that citizens will be judged irrespective of their financial positions .	9	ep
Thomas , um , look ... it seems that destiny may have caught up with us .	10	ep
Oh , and Michael , it just may be sooner than you think .	7	ep
What i did may be the worst thing i ever did .	3	ep
I may send for you later .	1	ep
In the future we may have to amend the directive to take into account the needs of commodities firms , if they are brought into the framework .	4	ep
The Commissioner may shake his head and smile , but does he want to have to explain to a government agency or some other agency why he has chosen to opt in ?	2	ep
I may need them for Jensen .	1	ep
May I have this dance , Mrs. ?	0	de
Listen closely to me and do as I say ... ... or you may be stolen and taken to a place outside our world ... ... forever .	13	ep
I 'll tell you what I remember , but it may not be what you need to know .	10	ep
It may not be an ideal initiative in terms of its structure but we accept Mr President-in-Office , that it is rooted in idealism and for that reason we are inclined to support it .	1	ep
So there are a lot of people who may have wanted to harm your husband .	8	ep
He thinks he 's Mike Wallace , so he may throw you a hardball or two .	9	ep
- If I may ?	3	de
Amendments Nos 1 and 6 may be the result of a misunderstanding .	5	ep
It would include , and this may not recommend itself to Mr Prodi or his staff , the idea of a specific regulatory assessment office in the office of the Commission Secretary-General .	6	ep
And it may be our only chance . Our only chance \u2026 to find Earth .	2	ep
He may not be strong enough to survive it , and , under the circumstances , i couldn 't assume the responsibility without your consent .	1	ep
Admiral , there may be a 20th century possibility .	3	ep
Next year , we may well be taking over the SFOR mission from NATO .	4	ep
By playing Cyrano to a fourth grader who may or may not be your son ?	8	ep
There may be another message after ... if all goes well .	1	ep
She may be senile , but it was enough to convince me .	1	ep
We may not have been able to save our planet ...	1	ep
It may have crossed my mind .	1	ep
You may say that , sir , but many important diplomats contend ... ... that you remain the most hated man in the state .	1	ep
Well , we said we 'd just do it that one time . . . . . . but now I think she may wanna start things up again .	23	ep
Mr President , I would like to make one comment , if I may , on the reform of the labour markets .	13	de
Well , I , uh , I may have been blowin ' smoke up your ass there , Mary . Sorry . Whoa !	7	ep
She may have been clever and written them down .	1	ep
That is a basic principle , so the Member States should not shirk their responsibilities and try to pass on any responsibilities to us that they may not fulfil .	26	ep
Two questions if I may .	4	de
And another thing , general , if I may say ,	8	de
I would point out , if I may , that , even if he were prepared to do so , the Commission would not want blind trust to be placed in it at all .	7	de
I also echo Mr Adam ' s feelings . I would like to express my heartfelt sympathies to those in Britain affected by it and my sorrow that we may have exported this disease .	29	ep
This may be neither here nor there but I 've got to say it .	1	ep
There may be people who believe that public services should not be a topic of discussion . I am certainly not one of them either .	1	ep
lf the stone cracks , you may crack with it .	6	ep
It is very well timed for European citizens , who are now preparing for their holidays and may experience the problem daily .	17	ep
You may have misunderstood my offer as a sign of weakness , so let me make it perfectly clear .	1	ep
It 's out there , but we may have a vigilante on our hands .	7	ep
That 's because you don 't understand how protocol works ... and you may have gotten guster in real trouble in there dialing his cell phone .	13	ep
- I may have a solution to this mess .	2	ep
He may be the only person who knows where Daniel is .	1	ep
He is , but he may not be working alone .	5	ep
Unfortunately , I think your father may be responsible for the deaths of Dr. Renaud and hicks .	6	ep
You just may have to get a job , my sweet . I know .	2	ep
There may also be a forrester . i didn 't see them .	1	ep
You may be his employer , but , uh ... you can 't claim him as if he were a piece of property .	1	ep
You know , my love life may not be in the same shape it was when I started funding this project , but , uh , I still believe in the story .	6	ep
We may actually make our quota today , sir . Hmm .	1	ep
You may be right . I 'll leave for three months .	1	ep
You use these to sweeten the deal , and then mitch wagner finds out about that you 've been trading pills for sex and ... i may have been a tad liberal with my prescription pad .	26	ep
Europol may well be using pirated information technology .	1	ep
Your uncle may be the right man .	2	ep
This may be all that keeps us alive .	1	ep
I 'm talking about evidence a jury may never have a chance to hear .	7	ep
It may be that I am displaying an excess of optimism in my old age !	1	ep
After yesterday , you may be doubting My ability to make good on our agreement .	4	ep
Aye . Fight and you may die .	5	ep
- He may well be tomorrow .	2	ep
We may need you to remain on earth until Dr. Perry is finished helping us with our problem .	1	ep
She may have misunderstood what I said earlier , or I may not have expressed myself very well .	1	ep
I may do something worse , but I 'll never do that again .	1	ep
But I may be able to help .	2	ep
Well , if you don 't follow the insurance company 's procedures , they may never pay you back .	14	ep
Well , I 've got a legend that you may or may not have heard of .	11	ep
I may have saved the mayor 's baby ... ... but I refuse to save a mayor ... ... who stood by , helpless as a baby ... ... while Gotham was ravaged by a disease ... ... that turned Eagle Scouts into crazed clowns ... ... and happy homemakers into catwomen .	1	ep
They may be bold maids till they die	1	ep
And this may have affected her brain functioning .	2	ep
It may be wise to keep a closer eye on our cousins .	1	ep
I think that one day we will have to discuss in depth what this advantage may also imply .	15	ep
The King may still have supporters there .	2	ep
Some Members may find it of interest that this lady had once been Mr Heaton-Harris 's personal assistant .	2	ep
He may be armed .	1	ep
I think we should prepare for the possibility that I may have been wrong .	10	ep
You know , she may be right after all .	4	ep
It may just be my imagination .	1	ep
They say he may never come out of it .	3	ep
Okay , admittedly , I may have overplayed my hand a little .	5	ep
So I may not be a model citizen .	2	ep
There may be something happening to chloe On a cellular level ,	1	ep
I may never know .	1	ep
To one like you , who cannot access it ... ... you may perceive it only as light .	12	ep
But if I do get through this , ( INAUDlBLE ) I may have other plans .	12	ep
We may not even have one .	1	ep
When the representative of the Commission first presented this report to the Committee on Fisheries , he stated that the subject was so technical ( and even routine ) that we may even find it boring .	31	ep
- Sir , we may have found a solution .	4	ep
You may not want to hear this, but once that happens , we are both very much hell you are .	1	ep
Well , if I may , sir .	4	de
We may be out of our jobs tomorrow .	1	ep
- He may not want to be rescued .	2	ep
It may be possible to live with silicone breasts if they are periodically replaced with new material .	1	ep
I can fully understand that the USA may have difficulty in respecting us , as we do not dare back our many fine words up with force .	7	ep
Your toys may be a lot of fun , but ... they 're not human like us .	2	ep
They are in a position of occupational dependence and may face a conflict of interest between loyalty towards their employers and respect for ethical standards .	9	ep
Come on . You may never return from Devil 's Flight .	4	ep
You may be in Casablanca indefinitely .	1	ep
You can 't deny that this kid may be suicidal .	7	ep
By tomorrow morning there may not be any evidence left over in that apartment , you know that .	4	ep
I may be a cautious man , Mr. Ennis , but I am certainly not a pacifist .	1	ep
Dr. Orlov has encountered some strange data coming from Europa . it may be nothing .	12	ep
It 's possible she may be carrying a contagion of some kind .	4	ep
It brought me here . It may take me away .	6	ep
My partner may be stupid , but I 'm not .	2	ep
It may be a plot by the PPE-DE Group to win the next vote , but something has gone wrong .	1	ep
You may want to let that breathe .... Nothing .	1	ep
We must work on the basis that peace must be given a chance , but we must not be hasty and of course we must not create situations which may be entirely counter-productive .	29	ep
We may contact you later .	1	ep
Finally , Mr President , I should like to say that several Members may perhaps have reservations on various points ;	13	ep
We may not have a choice unless I can fix this .	1	ep
Well , I may not be the swiftest guy in the world even when I 'm not hungover ... but I do seem to remember a process where you ask me questions ... and I give answers , and I ask questions and you give answers ... and that 's the way we find out things . i think I read that in a manual somewhere .	3	ep
They look around and they see their friends going into jobs where they may quit working at lunchtime on Friday and not start work again until the Monday morning .	13	ep
He may have touched my arm which they tattooed .	1	ep
There may be a need for legislation in some areas , but we have no need for a host of bureaucratic and constricting rules which bring European cooperation into discredit without producing real results .	1	ep
It may be the mayor story stressing you out .	1	ep
This may be the end for me , but not for us .	1	ep
Because it may be we can 't afford not to .	2	ep
I may just do that , Prot .	1	ep
I may know who killed them .	1	ep
We drive on the left here , as you may recall .	9	ep
I may not get another chance to -- tomake -- another chance -- chance -- to thesite -- site .	1	ep
Look , you may have a worldly wise veneer but I got ties older than you .	3	ep
He may .	1	ep
There may be 100 more .	1	ep
Or , if I may , this ?	4	ep
You may need your pretty philosophy in the end , Maria .	1	ep
( Sighs ) He may be there , but he 's not here .	4	ep
You may want to talk to Astor .	1	ep
Now we may not like their tactics , but they 're a weapon .	2	ep
To be perfectly honest , she may not even be coming back .	6	ep
A paper trail may be our best hope for finding cobra .	3	ep
It will not be possible to watch the BBC in the Irish Republic . It may no longer be possible to watch Swedish television as easily in Finland .	15	ep
The convention may unleash a few more but I am glad to see that those wretched shopping lists have gone at the first blast .	2	ep
Just Ray may have blown town , but his gun never did .	2	ep
I said that we do not have a list of the rulings which Turkey may have failed to observe .	14	ep
The killer may have Maureers laptop . But she was obsessive about backing things up .	2	ep
- Goldie 's may be Sam 's place , but ... - No , no , no , we don 't know that .	3	ep
My wife may phone .	2	ep
Now , I think that if we look at this clock tower ... .. we may find the specific time .	15	ep
It may be that , going back to the point about public information , we also have to address that issue in even perhaps the best informed society in the world .	1	ep
Someone with a history of mental disturbance , who 'd spent time inside an asylum and who may have suffered injuries at the hands of his victims .	17	ep
And check closely , 'cause we may have to kick a kike 's ass out of town .	6	ep
Members may be interested to learn that 50 000 fewer people in the Irish electorate voted " no " to Nice than voted " no " to Amsterdam .	1	ep
She may not even show her collection .	1	ep
Be careful . It may be too hot for you .	4	ep
I have just heard some news that may be of interest to you .	7	ep
You may think it 's okay because this woman isn 't actually your mother .	1	ep
In fact , if a farmer has to lose his whole herd for one case of BSE he may be less inclined to declare the animal and may bury it instead .	27	ep
It may have been designed to do exactly that .	1	ep
I may not be the classiest chick , but I 'm the best you 're gonna get , so take it or leave it !	1	ep
We have sometimes even wondered to what extent the cyclical market crisis itself may not be caused by the speculative action of these business structures , which thus gradually take control of the sector for their own interests .	13	ep
I couldn 't figure out what lex was doing in detroit , but I may have found something even more helpful .	14	ep
It may be that it 'll search out its father , especially when he put a bullet in it .	1	ep
She may walk in that lobby , but not up them stairs .	1	ep
By the end of the year it may already be too late .	7	ep
I may not be ... ... an explorer ... ... or an adventurer ... ... or a treasure seeker , or a gunfighter ... ... Mr. O 'Connell ... ... but I am proud of what I am .	1	ep
You may not know it , cowboy , but we got a rule around here about blowing bubbles .	1	ep
- I may live to pay it , and I may not .	2	ep
Someone sat in it and may have been involved in the murder .	5	ep
I may not be able to afford a new dryer .	1	ep
It may be that we have devoted too little time to the victims , who are often the weakest members of society .	1	ep
We may never get a chance like this again .	1	ep
You may soon not be .	1	ep
But I may fool everybody .	2	ep
May be an abnormal pregnancy .	0	ep
The Lagendijk report , apart from the criticism which I may have levied at one point , is an excellent text , as is the Commission proposal .	10	ep
We may have found the woman .	1	ep
We may have to take it out prematurely . Right now , there 's no guarantee	1	ep
Well , it may sound mean , but I 'm just trying to help you evolve .	3	ep
I may have intercepted a coupleof his shipments once .	1	ep
Hang on , we may change our plans .	4	ep
- Of course , things may be different now .	5	ep
Well , I may not have a choice .	3	ep
I may not be there next time to bail you out .	1	ep
Your Jethro may be the first ...	2	ep
Some of you may have heard the story of a monster now confined in Rome 's zoo .	3	ep
A wonderful purchase , sir , even though you may have to beat him .	9	ep
You may presume too much .	1	ep
I may need you to help if I make an arrest .	1	ep
This may be our only way out of here .	1	ep
It would have been interesting to know whether we shall be consulted on this issue , but that is something Commissioner Vitorino may be able to answer .	22	ep
If you leave this room now we may never be able to talk again .	7	ep
He may be more fragile than we thought .	1	ep
- Well , I may have to start minding ... what she reads from now on , won 't I , Mrs. Brown ?	4	ep
I may have driven black zero back into the ice , decimating his ranks , but my accomplishments pale in comparison to this man 's .	1	ep
There may not be too much more of it left .	1	ep
He may not come to exactly the same conclusion as Mr Jospin and Mr Schrder , but I assume that Mr Nogueira Romn does not want uniformity in the debate , but diversity .	1	ep
Um ... This process may alarm you .	4	ep
She 's pregnant , and her feet hurt , and she may not feel up for initiating the romance , but if you don 't , she 'll never forgive you . It 's the estrogen .	11	ep
I may need some computer know- how .	1	ep
I may be getting bumped up , a notch or two !	1	ep
There may still be some resistance in individual countries .	1	ep
You may have beaten the record .	1	ep
In this respect I believe that the future is certain , as you said ; the timing may not be quite certain but it will happen and that is good , that is important .	17	ep
You may have to send for those soldiers yet .	1	ep
May have to take you down to the station . You ... lied .	0	ep
They may not be the same .	1	ep
Madam President-in-Office of the Council , I may be exaggerating a bit , but I fear that the reality is rather like that in some areas .	7	ep
I may play the fool at times ... ... but I 'm more than a pretty blond with an ass that won 't quit .	1	ep
We may find a connection .	1	ep
Marty , this may seem a little forward ... ... but I was kind of wondering ... ... if you 'd ask me to the ... ... Enchantment Under the Sea dance on Saturday ?	3	ep
One of the principle witnesses against you ... ... may be willing to change his story , for a price .	9	ep
I may be a little fuzzy .	1	ep
Well , I may be mistaken ...	3	ep
Now sure , my kids may be deaf , But that shouldn 't distract everyone from the fact That they still have	5	ep
- Exactly , we may want to watch it again .	4	ep
Now in the fall ... now in the fall ... it may be possible to take another look at the situation .	11	ep
Subject moving , he 's still armed , move fast and he may turn the gun by himself .	12	ep
- You may get the chance .	2	ep
I know that . She may even know that herself .	5	ep
I may have to sleep with Mia .	1	ep
It may be the place you were before here .	1	ep
They still may be on the way to Laredo .	2	ep
They may not matter to you , but they matter to me .	1	ep
She may look like her uncle .	1	ep
As you may or may not know , today is canada appreciation day .	2	ep
He may be waiting .	1	ep
When he realised we may have helped him escape through the Stargate ...	4	ep
- We may be only six men -- - Seven .	2	ep
Honored general and , if I may say so , dear colleague .	6	de
But if he hasn 't , we may be able to stop him .	7	ep
No , but if Jerry has more tidbits like that , it may help us get there .	12	ep
As the report may have universal applicability I will summarise it briefly . The respondents stressed the importance of study in a foreign country , above all with regard to personal and social growth .	3	ep
You may lead these poor people , but it does not change the situation .	1	ep
I may not understand a whole hell of a lot about this kinda stuff , but I definitely understand not quitting .	1	ep
But I may know a way to help him .	2	ep
We cannot be entirely satisfied , but then that may have been inevitable .	9	ep
It may be enough to meet the needs of Tonane 's tribe , ... .. but not enough for any practical application .	1	ep
The IMO route is perhaps a better one , but we are not prepared for a study that may be published in 2004 - who knows ?	18	ep
You may be a sinner , but I ain\u2019 t yet had the opportunity .	1	ep
You may not remember , but I know .	1	ep
As you know better than anyone , funds are fully allocated and there are no generalised fund surpluses , even though there may be specific instances where there are no budgetary implementations .	22	ep
Both large and small boats can do that , and small boats may even be more likely to do so .	12	ep
You may not care about your responsibilities to the rest of us , but please stop acting like you 're not even aware of them .	1	ep
Madam President , may I say in response to Mr Swoboda ' s first question that he may have had some unfortunate encounters but they would certainly have been with a minority of staff .	17	ep
I may be weak , But I will not betray my kind .	1	ep
But the reality we have to face is that help may never come .	10	ep
You see , some of you may not realize how far that analogy goes .	6	ep
You may not remember , but that was you standing on those steps 20 years ago .	1	ep
It does rather give the impression that not only are the pieces of the puzzle difficult to put together , but also that some of them may well be missing .	26	ep
I think we may have found our Mexican drug czar .	3	ep
It may offer a way to break this deadlock .	1	ep
And despite what Special Agent Gibbs may have told you , coincidences do exist .	6	ep
It may be that , after full inquiry , the international community should adopt new approaches in relation to certain problems and anomalies .	1	ep
I have been a fellow of this college for over 30 years , and my research has resulted in the development of dioxypeptisol - the miracle cancer drug you may have read about .	29	ep
I agree , to some extent , that labelling may not be sufficient .	9	ep
When I think of Philippe , who may be out with a girl --	7	ep
Zarek may have made some friends in the last few weeks ... but there are still plenty who hate him .	1	ep
You may have a duty to God , but I have a duty to my people .	1	ep
May I say that it is often in the detail that one encounters the devil .	0	ep
Second , we are constantly eliminating terrorist threats that may otherwise end up in our own backyard .	9	ep
They may wait until Saturday .	1	ep
There may be a way we can find out where that party is .	1	ep
Some may think to be remembered in this way ... would be a disgrace to a soldier .	1	ep
I may not get out alive .	1	ep
She may be my brother 's child .	1	ep
He may not have moved .	1	ep
If we can transplant 15 % of their brain matter into ours ... ... we may be able to read minds .	15	ep
You may have a nice time .	1	ep
- And after seven m\u00a1 nutes , we may never hear from them aga\u00a1 n .	8	ep
You may have a point , Counselor .	1	ep
So I 'm thinking he -- he may not ... Love me so much .	7	ep
You may have just noticed , but my daddy hasn 't asked us to sit down .	1	ep
May be he was trying to calculate his way out of here .	0	ep
But as a Parliament , we face the dilemma that the Council may put in these figures to make sure that we vote for the accession treaties .	12	ep
I may stay a while in Dubrovnik after the others go home .	1	ep
It may not be what you need to know .	1	ep
A Europol employee is being arrested as we speak , and other arrests may be imminent .	13	ep
I may not last even that long .	1	ep
I may be a repeater .	1	ep
Looking for places she may have hid stuff .	4	ep
It may not seem like it , Mr. Wade , but we got law and order in this town , just like any other .	1	ep
I have understood that the Council too may have changed its opinion in the mean time .	7	ep
This child may create a new future for both worlds someday .	2	ep
Krosigk , we have reason to suspect ... that they may have some business with you .	10	ep
It may become my good fortune to have a glorious death .	1	ep
Hey , Glen may have bored you , but the years we had a father in that house were the happiest of my life .	3	ep
It may just be interference .	1	ep
Even though we may have different views on certain parts of it , we should be able to agree that this survey is useful and significant .	3	ep
I may be moving to town .	1	ep
Re-evaluation , rather than re-authorisation , may therefore prevent a thinning-out of the product range .	6	ep
It may bite your ass if you don 't stop aggravating my patient .	1	ep
Mr. Castle , i may be rich , but my daughter was not .	4	ep
In fact , you may even walk again .	4	ep
DOCTOR : Okay , this may be a little uncomfortable .	5	ep
Listen , George may have duped me , but the guy I wish was dead was that lawyer , Dobson , my ex 's pit bull .	3	ep
- We may not have much time .	2	ep
Well , i may not know so much of law , mr . Feller , but i know what 's right and what 's wrong , and i know what you 're asking is wrong .	3	ep
We may only have one shot at this .	1	ep
May I be permitted to accompany Orpheus to his house ?	0	ep
It may not be necessary .	1	ep
But it may do you some good .	2	ep
I may be wrong ...	1	ep
In fact , there is no limit on what you may become .	10	ep
But perhaps after Ireland , Denmark and Switzerland , that may be taking democracy a stage too far for all of you .	10	ep
I just thought you may be able to help us .	4	ep
He may never know .	1	ep
Johnson said , " We may have to escalate .	5	ep
- There may be explosives .	2	ep
It 's late ... The Ginzo boss may not come .	7	ep
Some might even go so far as to say that attacks may actually be mounted one of these days .	11	ep
The issue concerned has thrown the whole of Europe into commotion and may well do so for the foreseeable future .	12	ep
I may teach or I may write a book ... ... whatever the hell one does when one approaches ... ... the autumn of one 's years .	1	ep
Now , in the fall -- Now , in the fall , it may be possible ... to take another look at the situation .	13	ep
It may be nothing .	1	ep
You may forget my face , but you won 't forget my bite	1	ep
You may be unaware that procedural motions are now tabled after the agenda has been adopted .	1	ep
You better run out to the house . She may be , well , unable to answer the phone .	9	ep
Heck , some of you may regret it for the rest of your lives .	5	ep
It does not stop them from speaking ; it may not affect our rapporteur ; but certainly it applies to some members of his group who hold senior positions in the Bertelsmann media group .	9	ep
- Where 's the bag ? You may fool Ando , but you do not fool me .	7	ep
This planet may well be in range The next time we drop out of FTL .	2	ep
Besides , I have a feeling I may be able to do more from Washington than I can here .	7	ep
Look , missy . You may be Hannah Montana back home , but here we 're britches and boots .	5	ep
He may want to go out at night .	1	ep
You may not believe this , but I 'm glad you found me .	1	ep
You may work solo, but you have agreements with other spy agencies .	1	ep
lf I may , Madam President .	2	ep
I may be able to give you some time tomorrow .	1	ep
May I finally say to the Council that its statement contravened the facts .	0	de
If we can take the underspends from this year and use a global ramassage for all the institutions , then we may find some method of frontloading to save the pains of next year 's budget .	21	ep
You may be the pro , Joe , but I know who you are , and you 're all fucked up .	1	ep
You may not wish to have dinner with me , Captain , after I 've had my say .	1	ep
Master Saburo minces no words , and what he says may seem disrespectful and even brutal .	10	ep
Fine , in this case , if I may , I 'll give him a call right away .	8	de
Today you lose , Kundun . Tomorrow you may win .	8	ep
Well , she may be a angel , Virge .	3	ep
You may not want to believe it , but I can see it in your eyes .	1	ep
The night of the fight , you may feel a slight sting .	7	ep
- It may sell , from now on .	2	ep
There may come a time When a hard- boiled employer thinks	1	ep
I may be a lot of things , but I 'm not a murderer .	1	ep
She may not even know she 's doing it .	1	ep
" Because Lyndon Johnson fears that the US public ... is in no mood to accept its optimistic conclusions ... he may never permit the report to be released in full .	21	ep
We can therefore say that Pim Fortuyn 's sacrifice may not have been in vain .	9	ep
This may be the first time that this House has heard a political statement from the Council which goes much further than the usual strictly formal statements on the conflict in the Western Sahara .	1	ep
I have something that may intrigue you .	4	ep
However , it seems to us that the documents which will be submitted to the Stockholm European Council may be excessively numerous and that we may have to make more progress in preparing for these meetings .	25	ep
It may be possible to link up with the UEFA and with the national football unions , to find a way round this .	1	ep
May l ?	0	de
It may succeed - and I hope that it does - and it may not .	13	ep
You may not have to wait that long .	1	ep
Using it , Eric 's dream and mine may be a reality before ... [ Telephone ringing ]	8	ep
After yesterday, you may be doubting my ability to make good on our agreement .	3	ep
He may be riding a grey horse .	1	ep
And people that I work with may be involved in both .	6	ep
Oh , and you might wanna decide quickly ... ... because the people on the other boat may not be quite so noble .	17	ep
I may forget some things , but I never forget your faces .	1	ep
- I may not make it to the morning .	2	ep
She may have killed her husband .	1	ep
Now it may happen .	2	ep
The question of permanent settlement may well be the most important issue we face since the attack .	5	ep
It may be appropriate to ask how we facilitate development in Africa through market access within the WTO framework .	1	ep
Well , she may have used an alias .	3	ep
- I may need that .	2	ep
As I said before , it 's here . Though it may not be quite what you imagined .	11	ep
Our viewers may remember a similar series of incidents which took place some three months back involving this unidentified man . Police are now confirming that today 's	2	ep
You may believe you are not ready ... ... but you are as ready as I was when I first came to Babylon 5 .	1	ep
As you may have gleaned , my relationship with Judy has ... evolved .	2	ep
After all , when one may not have long to live ... ... why shouldn 't one have fancies ?	5	ep
It may not be possible to achieve all this in this six-month period , but we should adopt this approach of creating a basic treaty and a general treaty .	1	ep
We are fortunate that he may accept you as his disciple	5	ep
The negotiations that we have allowed to drag on and all these little details that may help to solve small issues fail to get to grips with the main problem .	15	ep
I 'd Iike to begin with an announcement that ... ... may come as a surprise for you .	11	ep
If they cannot , although they may reap benefits later on , the result will be that they may close down , as we were told during a seminar that was held in Brussels three months ago .	18	ep
No , no , I mean , she may have mentioned it .	8	ep
You may know him .	1	ep
Also , Sheldon may be a robot .	3	ep
You may not realize this , Marshall Eriksen , but you 've got a huge package .	1	ep
He can\u2019 t talk anymore , But we may be able to piece together recent events from his subconscious .	8	ep
It may be that we went to Nice with too many ambitions .	1	ep
Sir , the truth is , the gate may not even be capable of doing what we need it to do .	8	ep
I may have answer to that question , madam president .	1	ep
- Doctors think she may be faking .	4	ep
They may push it back then . It may become a generational affair . Questions passed from parent to child .	1	ep
Madam President , after the serious business may I end on a lighter note , with some good news for the region I represent , the north-west of England .	7	de
You think she may have taken her own ...	3	ep
You may work with the FBl , but I want you out of my house .	1	ep
The lectures may give you some ideas .	2	ep
It may be my last chance . Hand it over .	1	ep
You may not know , I have rabies !	1	ep
I may be stoned on grass and Prozac but ... ... you walk through our life dead .	1	ep
He may not be answering , but he might be there .	1	ep
Who knows ? They may not lose too bad .	4	ep
I may be the only friend	1	ep
You may be cute , but not special .	1	ep
- We have drugs that may help .	5	ep
As you may recall , it was a minor miracle that either of you survived that incident .	2	ep
Secondly , it is not compulsory to introduce this system at all airports , which is useful , since some airports may have natural noise barriers that could be exploited economically .	21	ep
So we may never know who those men were who went through the gate .	2	ep
Finally , may I congratulate the Greek Presidency on the sensitivity and readiness it demonstrated in convening the Extraordinary Council .	2	de
Now more members may have left from one group than from other and that may well distort the vote on the Ludford report .	14	ep
Hey , wait ! They may be back !	5	ep
They may be a billion light years away , but we may still be able to do something about it .	11	ep
That may be where deckard went .	1	ep
It may be our only play .	1	ep
There may be something happening to Chloe on a cellular level .	1	ep
For again , he may find the means to recover it , even as a man recovers some fortune he has lost .	4	ep
In fact , he may not even be concerned about whether he 's leaving any evidence .	4	ep
You know , i may have misjudged you , maria .	4	ep
l may be unskilled ,,, but I am ,,, somebody !	1	ep
But it may be true	2	ep
You may be able to open a crack ... ... but without the others to enhance your power ...	1	ep
LORRAlNE : Marty , this may seem a little forward ... ... but I was kind of wondering ... ... if you 'd ask me to the ... ... Enchantment Under the Sea dance on Saturday ?	5	ep
Well , I 'm starting to think that seeing this mission through may be our only chance of ever doing that . But what does that even mean ?	12	ep
Some of you may not know Sharon Bridger .	3	ep
A starvation diet may not agree with you .	3	ep
The Commission may have information on the extent of the problem in the Member States .	2	ep
We must ensure they have the skills needed for types of work that may be new to them .	13	ep
They may be frightened of you , but ... none of them doubt that you can help us .	1	ep
Pete , she may never walk again .	3	ep
It may not have been his best , I don 't know , and I don 't want to know .	1	ep
You may think you 've seen The last of me ,	1	ep
You may think you have a lot of friends now , but if you 're not true to them , then it won 't last .	1	ep
I may go next year .	1	ep
But she may have suffered some damage .	2	ep
I will now , if I may , read out the key points of the recommendations we adopted today .	6	de
We may be .	1	ep
You may not know you 're stressed but trust me , you are stressed .	1	ep
I may not know who shot my sister , Or why her life was spared , But I do know I won 't be returning the favor .	1	ep
You 're out to get me . You may succeed .	8	ep
I may have to pump her for information .	1	ep
This may well mean that Commissioner de Palacio may need to stand down if it appears that she was actually aware of the flax fraud in Spain .	8	ep
He may then reveal things , simply to make himself appear powerful .	1	ep
That wagon train may not never get to you .	3	ep
He may have changed .	1	ep
But , I may not remember you next minute .	3	ep
There 's talk that after the recruitment brochure is published , I may do a promotional tour of college campuses .	12	ep
If the infection is contained , he may still survive .	7	ep
Our offworld allies may know how to save Teal 'c .	3	ep
[ rush ] : There may be something happening to chloe On a cellular level .	5	ep
There may be something we missed .	1	ep
Some of us have come to accept we may never leave it .	8	ep
The ship detected a Stargate on a planet within range that may have what we need .	11	ep
The Commission clearly has certain grounds for assuming , Commissioner , that these may belong to the category of priority hazardous substances .	13	ep
Well , it may end up being a souvenir .	3	ep
It may well be that the dealers will suffer most .	1	ep
Look, you said yourself that the stuff from your father 's briefcase may not mean anything .	12	ep
No , Ali may have done some psycho things , but she would never do anything tacky .	3	ep
You may not like them , but you follow them .	1	ep
Before you go , Mr. Ventura ... ... l 'd like to show you something you may enjoy .	16	ep
As you may or may not know ... ... the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor yesterday .	2	ep
I need to ask you something , and it may sound strange .	9	ep
- That may be too much to ask .	2	ep
This may surprise you , but some women consider me quite the guy .	1	ep
Or worse yet , there may be no pattern .	5	ep
We may be too late already .	1	ep
Now, uh, chuck and i may have our differences , but i can tell yo5 this about him .	5	ep
Today Lady Luck may smile on these four players ... and start them on the road to $12, 000 -	3	ep
He may know something .	1	ep
Mr. Vice President , if I may .	6	de
There may be Krauts in there .	1	ep
I just realised that I haven 't eaten all day , which may explain why I 'm in such a foul mood .	12	ep
I may have judged Declan a little too harshly .	1	ep
You may be a big shot in your office , but I saw your bank book . 800 bucks !	1	ep
Twain may have been your uncle ... ... but he was the illegitimate father of ... ... Monsieur Sidney Wang !	1	ep
I may go grocery shopping .	1	ep
I 'm saying I may have found a way of detecting one .	4	ep
We may have a way of getting home .	1	ep
You may have to .	1	ep
You may recognize him from Telemundo as the famous , masked wrestler ... ... Zarkos .	1	ep
Look , you may want to -- Now that you 're working here --	3	ep
We may end up having to rely completely on ourselves .	1	ep
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor on this subject , which is of the highest importance , even though it may not attract publicly the attention which it deserves .	24	ep
We 'll speak with Orla about the disappearance of Dr. Meyer and her colleague Dr. Tauchner , since he 's assistant he may have news of him	22	ep
Thirdly , we may well have disregarded or underestimated the importance of one of our tasks .	3	ep
Please don 't hate me , But i- i may have done a bad thing .	9	ep
Miss Portland ? I may have a message for you soon .	4	ep
As you may know , a decision has not yet been made about the European Union ' s position on the Geneva resolution on China .	2	ep
We may have to switch to another one , but it may mean another night here .	1	ep
The Stockholm may not have sunk you , but I will .	2	ep
We 'll see a man that may know something .	6	ep
As custodians of the company , you may receive information from what follows ... that will be valuable to you or not .	7	ep
Technically it may be appropriate to establish it in accordance with a flexible instrument .	2	ep
It may be possible in the future but we will have to see how things develop in Sudan .	1	ep
We may have a slight postal problem .	1	ep
Colleagues may recall this report came before Parliament at a particularly sensitive time for the Commission .	1	ep
I believe that in the end it may be necessary to deal with the strictest aspects of these two issues , in order to be able to achieve a possible conciliation with a high level in the Directive .	7	ep
As you may be aware , I am an El Aurian .	2	ep
The revelation of a missing probation report ... ... may result in the handing up of indictments ... ... by the grand jury of Supreme Court Judge Stern ... ... and Brooklyn Democratic leader , Frank Anselmo .	9	ep
Lloyd may leave Karen , but he will not leave Karen for you .	1	ep
You know , someday I may actually make you pay up .	5	ep
But assuming a spirit actually manifests itself on your person , it may take the shape of a kind of bulge beneath the flesh .	12	ep
He may be expecting us , don 't take any chances .	1	ep
He may also hear Romano Prodi 's intervention , I do not know , but he would not hear the remarks of the group Chairmen .	1	ep
He may not be a blackguard , Higgins .	1	ep
And finally , we must also recognise that we may not have reached the lowest point in the agricultural crisis yet .	9	ep
This could set off a chain of events that we may not be able to contain .	10	ep
One of our own may be aiding the enemy .	4	ep
And now , ladies and gentlemen , what you may find of interest next ... is what we term in newspaper parlance the morgue .	9	ep
I would be in favour of supporting self-contained cycles of projects and , even though LEADER I and LEADER II may have had shortcomings here and there , overall they were certainly positive .	20	ep
But I may be a hypocrite .	2	ep
Some of you may be aware that Julius Nyrere spent his spare time translating Shakespeare into Swahili .	3	ep
- He may be looking for the Stargate .	2	ep
I may have to leave earlier .	1	ep
I hope that the debate is over so that I can answer any question that I may have forgotten .	16	ep
I 'm being carried by the river of love ! It may mean disgrace , betrayal and pain but it encompasses good and evil !	11	ep
Now someone may or may not have wired your helmet With speakers for Saturday 's game .	4	ep
You see , if I lose them , I may never be able to get back .	9	ep
Now I may have seriously altered history .	2	ep
This fuckin ' videotape may save your clients ' asses ... but you can be goddamned sure it ain 't gonna save yours .	4	ep
We will now move on to another cause for concern on the proactive side of things which may also fall within Mr Lamy 's remit - the international instrument .	17	ep
They may not be transferred in their present form or structure - this is an issue on which we will elicit views before making our definitive proposals on the authority 's establishment .	1	ep
The second line which may require additional appropriations is the Cohesion Fund .	4	ep
You may have received incorrect information from the Spanish authorities .	1	ep
Mr Drummond may find this fun to talk about , but this is not relevant . - This is no fun for me .	2	ep
I suspect they may very well be people who have been seriously misled by those who profit by this legislation not going through the system .	3	ep
Some may appreciate in these circumstances that a plea for this does not point to an institutional compulsion , but rather to a concern for the effectiveness of the Union ' s actions .	1	ep
I apologize for awakening you ahead of schedule ... ... but I fear we may all be in grave danger .	14	ep
Well , he may be a god in the air , but he 's a devil on the ground .	3	ep
I think I may be beginning to disappear .	3	ep
In fact , she may have been sound asleep .	4	ep
We may have need of you men of science .	1	ep
It 's possible we may Iet more of them through to Earth and not even know it .	4	ep
Yes , but she may be the only one who can connect with her .	4	ep
Experience with battlefield medicine may not make you as precise as an ER surgeon ... oh , come on .	4	ep
A man who may be stuck here for the next ten years .	3	ep
It may not have been one of my better ideas .	1	ep
You may have a rib fracture .	1	ep
The fact is , we may be in the position of having to decide for him .	5	ep
I just want to make one very obvious point to Parliament , which may be a little prosaic .	13	ep
And they may live that life and the soul may never really -- their desire may never really rise to the surface ... so they may want to be something else .	25	ep
You may have nothing to lose . You may have nothing to lose !	8	ep
Statistics will tell us that it should not be very difficult to do it much better , which may not even be good enough , but definitely it is an opportunity .	18	ep
I may need to talk to you , so you let me know if you 're gonna leave town .	1	ep
They may do some more folk dancing .	1	ep
Plead guilty now , tell them where the loot is , you may get ... ... eight years , out in five and a half .	12	ep
All right . Now , it may look simple , but this thing has just about as many factory extras as you do .	6	ep
Be on the alert , darling , you may hear or see something !	8	ep
You may need help .	1	ep
A million years ago , this planet may have looked like Earth .	7	ep
Considering the number of dead , it may well be genocide .	7	ep
And I think perhaps I may have found another .	5	ep
They may have their own ideas about a certain lady .	1	ep
I would like to raise two very brief points if I may , Mr President .	11	de
Now , if they suddenly see the potential in their own assets ... ... they may soon see the advantage in scotching ours .	15	ep
But now that we know that thurgood 's perm Is the culprit , I may be able to synthesize An antiserum to reverse the effects .	14	ep
Well , sir , we think we may have an explanation .	7	ep
It may be , you can have me replaced .	1	ep
You may think there 's nothing to it	1	ep
Then we may have an opportunity to shoot it down .	2	ep
' It may be mine to do something foryou .	2	ep
It may have been our weakness and lack of credibility which led to the war .	1	ep
You may have been joking about it , but I wasn 't .	1	ep
He may not last the night .	1	ep
Stay here . Jack may need our help .	4	ep
That may be our only option .	1	ep
I may decide to take up teaching again .	1	ep
I 've managed to find a clue which may give us control of this ship	8	ep
Well , she may be a survivor , but she 's not like you .	3	ep
Okay , I may ... have psychically led them down the wrong path .	3	ep
So ? One of your deals may be going bad .	6	ep
We have reason to believe that the problem may be a lot worse than you 're aware of .	8	ep
This is not a minority language ; it may become one as a result of immigration , but it is not a minority language .	8	ep
Now . She may already know you 're here .	3	ep
102 ... this may be food poisoning .	3	ep
We may not find Amanda alive , but we will find her eventually .	1	ep
These two children may be dying ! who ? !	3	ep
I see . We may even need a tank .	4	ep
I may write it one day .	1	ep
You 've got a little fever . That may be why .	8	ep
I may have killed others .	1	ep
You may even make love differently .	1	ep
- It may be the only way .	2	ep
Something may show up later , see ?	1	ep
It may help my husband more off my finger .	1	ep
May be .	0	ep
Moses may not choose YOU either !	1	ep
But unless we find Fayed , I may be forced to .	7	ep
While we may not yet have the capacity to wage war in defence of our values , we have long experience at winning the peace .	2	ep
But when it 's done , I may have to kill one of you out of sheer frustration .	7	ep
His recovery may be aided by certain herbs	2	ep
Remember , you have a wife now ... ... and may have children .	10	ep
You may well hold the key to the future of medical science .	1	ep
Mr President , you may not , but Mrs Fontaine certainly will be aware of the following matter which we have raised in the European Parliament , time and again , over the last ten years .	4	ep
Peter may have gone someplace else .	1	ep
You know , Jim ... ... we may have to go 2- to- 1 to pick up the action a bit .	7	ep
The latest theory is that he may have been attempting to perform a magic trick .	6	ep
He may have helped execute an innocent man , and he has no emotional reaction .	1	ep
They may cancel tomorrow .	1	ep
He may just be far away .	1	ep
I think we may have to take it off .	3	ep
Well , you may express your gratitude .	3	ep
There may be subs out there , maybe not .	1	ep
- A judicial tribunal may have to be convened .	4	ep
You may not be moving , but I am .	1	ep
Mr President , may I begin by thanking Members of this Parliament very much indeed for the questions that they have put and the comments that they have made .	3	de
And we recognise that for the majority of States the use of biofuels in transport will be a new area of activity ; we cannot therefore make a final judgment a priori on the obstacles which may arise .	36	ep
You may need therapy yourself .	1	ep
Me and the lads realize that , sir , but , well , we may never meet again , so ...	14	ep
It may be the case that weapons are necessary , but we must be clear that other things are also required .	1	ep
Yes , yes . We may be able to adapt these to the telephones .	5	ep
We may never know what really happened to Flight 93 .	1	ep
We may even need to revive a few of the Wraith so Dr. Keller can perform a complete physical evaluation .	1	ep
Well , I may not be young , but I 'll be first- time .	3	ep
It may have been my fault .	1	ep
Look Cole , I may be a drunk , I may not be able to load my own gun , but I don 't need you to tell me how to do my job !	4	ep
That may have been embarrassment .	1	ep
- Because if he did impress her , he may be inclined to do it again .	9	ep
Now , you may feel like you 're drowning , but you 're not .	3	ep
You may never return from Devil 's Flight . Ha ha ha ha ! You 're totally sad .	1	ep
May visitors come unannounced ?	0	ep
- My fling with Ellen may blow over .	5	ep
It may not be a nose .	1	ep
- Your life may be in danger ! - Back him up .	3	ep
One of the reasons for this is that if we do not put in significant amounts the European Union may not have a seat at the table - a seat on the board .	19	ep
That is a very important point which may have been overlooked in the heat of the debate .	7	ep
A fucking goat may bear the mark .	3	ep
But with our supplies running low and our options limited , our former enemies may represent our last , perhaps our only hope .	14	ep
And if we get rejected from Cannes and that goes public we may never get an offer like that again .	12	ep
It is a known fact that all the Member States of the European Union demanded the disarmament of Iraq and the destruction of any weapons of mass destruction it may have had .	29	ep
" I may have emotionally overreacted now and then . "	2	ep
It may be that I 'm intended to know the secret of life .	1	ep
- Your uncle may turn out to be the right man for the job .	3	ep
Mr President , may I thank Mr Watson on behalf of our committee for bringing this report to plenary .	3	de
There may be differences of opinion about ways and means , but we should be united on the essentials .	1	ep
That is why we find it disgraceful that Tariq Aziz , who worked with Saddam Hussein , and two of his assistants , may be hanged .	23	ep
It may interest you to know my colleagues came across a man called Dd Martin ... ... who was in need of medical attention .	1	ep
The Commission may decide not to take forward all the suggestions in the report but we will certainly give them due consideration .	2	ep
I may even be sicker than you .	1	ep
We may all be going to Italy and dozens of other places , or not at all .	1	ep
Non compris dans le transcript President . This may be the first step in a coordinated cylon attack .	8	ep
There may also be a forrester .	1	ep
lf I may ask , Miss Everglot . . . . . . where is your chaperon ?	2	de
May we meet in Glocca Morra	0	ep
He said , I may have to kill you . kill me ?	4	ep
This solution may be pure in legal terms .	2	ep
We may not have that for much longer .	1	ep
- This may not be the right place .	2	ep
While others may have the biggest rockets , the EU has the deepest pockets .	2	ep
I may be an insignificant out- of- towner , but you people took up with the wrong person .	1	ep
You may not recognize us ... ... because we haven 't spoken to your parents in 17 years .	1	ep
My problem with the committee meeting and with the resolution itself is that we may be intervening in an ongoing procedure and , so far , we have not exactly learned anything new .	14	ep
I also wonder whether there may be a need for some form of EU function to guarantee the Rule of Law which I seek and on which the Commission will clearly be drawing up proposals .	5	ep
You 're afraid that you may not be the dying leader you thought you were .	5	ep
- Some kind of plastic which may have been in his pocket .	6	ep
It may be contained within the SGC , but if General Hammond was compromised ...	1	ep
We met last year at the golf club dinner dance , you may remember .	12	ep
The Choshu clan may have been beaten once but they 'll be back with Satsuma	3	ep
Somebody , as you may already know , stole 20 microprocessors ... ... from the Mass Processor Company out on Route 128 .	4	ep
Now there were two points I wanted to pick up with Mr Kinnock , if I may .	16	de
Mr President , may I begin by expressing the heartfelt thanks of the Commission for the work that has been done by Mrs Kauppi .	3	de
I may not be a doctor here anymore , but I 'm not a complete idiot .	1	ep
The ATF Commander tells us that he has reason to believe there may be children inside and that they ... - Wait a minute ! - are the primary concern of all !	12	ep
It may take a little more time , but there won 't be any holes .	1	ep
This may be a bad time to mention it , but my license has expired !	1	ep
I may have a picture .	1	ep
It may not be enough for you , but I 'm trying herE .	1	ep
I do not want to get involved in the matter of the weather now but we may return to it later .	16	ep
You may have to stay in the game longer To find out what he 's holding .	1	ep
It may be that the idea of strengthening the link through the Committee of the Regions is the solution we all need .	1	ep
And may I also say ... heavenly . I 'll just take my one chance to say it .	1	de
- There may be other people inside .	2	ep
May I go and carry it out ?	0	de
This movie may not be appropriate for the little ones .	2	ep
I may have carried your soul , but I sure couldn 't fill your shoes .	1	ep
You may have misgivings , but don 't go believing that , Jack . That way lies damnation .	1	ep
Christian , you may see me only as a drunken , vice- ridden gnome . . . . . . whose friends are just pimps and prostitutes .	3	ep
It may be a mistake , but you don 't understand how it feels when that word comes up .	1	ep
This may have begun with Christina 's murder , but it 's not about that .	1	ep
- A person from another planet may disagree .	6	ep
We think her drinking may have damaged her heart .	4	ep
Mr President , may I point out that it is pronounced Duin , as in Duisburg .	3	de
Now look , Paul . You may be a little annoyed because we pulled some sort of practical joke on you , but we did it for your own good .	6	ep
He 's one of them . Just know that if he gets too unmanageable , we may ask you to take care of him .	16	ep
And if he doesn 't ... ... then I may be right about something that 's been nagging at me .	9	ep
Listen , ms . Bishop, I , uh -- I don 't know him like you do , but off the record , this guy may not be a terrorist , but he is trouble .	25	ep
I may not go back into the house tonight .	1	ep
If you begin the ascent now , you may have enough power to reach the surface .	8	ep
- No . You may have thought so , but we have not said yes .	4	ep
Greater labour mobility may certainly help to confront the problems which may arise in the event of asymmetric clashes .	11	ep
I may never see her again	1	ep
If you try to do everything , you may end up not succeeding in doing very much .	8	ep
- They may be poor , but they 're nice .	2	ep
Your father may not be home for dinner .	2	ep
- He may not be with me tonight , - but he 's healthy and he 's well- loved .	2	ep
I may never play again .	1	ep
She may have been killed because of something she knew .	1	ep
Well , it now seems quite possible that until we ... ... get to a decent jail with bribable guards ... ... l may stand in some need ... ... of rather close physical protection .	23	ep
" Eat , drink , and be merry , for tomorrow you may be dead . "	12	ep
You think Chac may have been Telchak ?	3	ep
# Well , they may know about domestic and imported ale	4	ep
We may therefore find ourselves disagreeing with these suggestions in various respects .	1	ep
Your wife , um , has stated that your daughter , uh , Zoe Graystone , was involved with terrorists and may have been ... may have been responsible for the bombing ...	21	ep
You may also recall that he was my predecessor .	1	ep
- May I , Miss ?	1	de
With luck , we may reach the Rhine tomorrow .	4	de
Yeah , the water may be gone now , but this desert was formed by H2O evaporating on a playa floor , causing gypsum to be deposited in a fine crystalline form called selenite ...	4	ep
There may be survivos .	1	ep
They may have to build a dam in the back of him .	1	ep
It may not work as well as we would expect or like it to , but it is a policy that yields results .	1	ep
here is Gayle Robinson , live from the " Little Germany " - amusement park . or , the way it may be called from now on : " the place , where laughter died " .	21	ep
- And after seven minutes , we may never hear from them again .	7	ep
There may come a time When a lass needs a lawyer	1	ep
I may or may not have got on the list , but I had no idea whether or not this was the case .	vielleicht	ep
I may have made a mistake .	1	ep
She may not be as fragile as you think .	1	ep
A trait which some may have seen as mere careerism , rather than the true sense of duty , I know carried you .	4	ep
The cost and time to them may be prohibitive , and if items go off the market , then it is the consumer who will suffer .	6	ep
Now , I may have kept my youthful good looks , but I wasn 't born yesterday .	3	ep
The issue is more complex than that , for although , Mrs Schroedter , it may be precisely these young people that grab the headlines , they do live with their parents and exist within a social sphere .	15	ep
You may be lucky this time .	1	ep
Of course it is no bad thing , it may even be a good thing , that in many cases it is available to users free of charge .	9	ep
- If I may say so ... I noticed earlier the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged .	3	de
Director sterling is already in with him . - Buchanan may hold the key to who was behind the plot	10	ep
You may put questions !	1	ep
I may be going out on a limb here , but you don 't seem like a happy camper .	1	ep
McLeod may settle the problem for us .	1	ep
But your friends may yet be able to repair the damage they have done .	3	ep
We are torn between trust and mistrust of industry 's knowledge and also its willingness to be decisive in making things happen that may only be burdens to it and do not do anything for industry 's profits .	23	ep
At this time , as you may imagine , we are consumed by this activity ; it is so complex and so demanding .	6	ep
Now , you may not care who has to die to save your job , your ass , but I did not sign up for this !	3	ep
I realise I may have been wrong .	3	ep
You may have fooled ando, but you do not fool me .	1	ep
They may yet be alive .	1	ep
Quite frankly , we may not survive .	4	ep
We 've had a bit of bad luck this morning , as you may have heard .	13	ep
- Yeah , I may have ...	4	ep
It may be nothing to Mr Paulsen , but it is not nothing to Sarah Tobias .	1	ep
It may be that over time the horizontal line will attract more attention and more appreciation , but we also need to maintain the link to broader national or regional programming through the geographic budget lines and regulations .	1	ep
Coming to them fresh , we may get a sudden flash .	6	ep
- May I go ?	1	de
You may have to leave your house .	1	ep
This may sting .	1	ep
I suspect that the French authorities may well have a further discussion with their food safety authority and I would expect a response from them certainly no later than Thursday of next week .	6	ep
I may not be your dad But I 'm the guy who 's in charge of you tonight , So you can cut the divorced parents crap .	1	ep
It may also be a good idea to give this leadership , too , a face : a ' Johannesburg Commissioner ' .	1	ep
Michael ... there are things about me you may not be able to understand .	8	ep
May be you should jump back to high school . So that you learn something .	0	ep
Some say the tyre may be quiet , but it is unsafe and also uses more fuel .	4	ep
Sources have led me to believe that you may be in possession ... of some documentation by Randolph Henry Ash .	8	ep
I think she may be doing this as some kind of penance .	3	ep
However , the measures that may subsequently be taken must obviously comply with the general principles applicable to risk management and the guidelines for applying the precautionary principle are therefore the key element of the paper .	5	ep
So , if you get back tomorrow , I may show up at Harry 's Bar .	9	ep
So common a democratic event as the fall of one government appears nothing short of a Greek tragedy and to some extent , it may even have become one .	24	ep
He may have , I don 't know .	1	ep
I mean , I may be heavy furniture , but I did a pretty good job raising you .	4	ep
John , you may have heard the story of the prentice	3	ep
You may be right , but you know what ?	1	ep
Which , as you may recall , involved you panicking and sputtering your way out of a one- day seminar with a case of the dry heaves , leaving an entire lecture hall in the lurch .	4	ep
Well , yeah , but it may not be wise to send him out there	6	ep
I may eventually need a vagina transplant .	1	ep
I may have been shot to protect the secret of its existence .	1	ep
l may not get there with you ,,, but I want you to know tonight ,,, that we as a people will get to the promised land ,	1	ep
There may be a way to avoid all this .	1	ep
Annie may have made other plans . I 'll have to see .	1	ep
You may have the blueprints of this place , but there 's one thing those plans can 't show you -- people , guys like Abruzzi -- you so much as look at these cats the wrong way , they 'll cut you up .	1	ep
I may be back on my feet a lot sooner than anyone expects .	1	ep
I may have to seduce her , Ponton , in order to get her to talk .	1	ep
So we may never know what happened in the house last night .	2	ep
I know it may sound a little dumb .	3	ep
But if Iget too comfortable , I may notget off this couch .	7	ep
He may be running off to the Bishop every few minutes , but don 't let that bother you .	1	ep
As you may or may not know , the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor yesterday .	2	ep
It may not seem like it , Mr. Wade , but We got laW and order in this toWn , just like any other .	1	ep
You need to know when to advance , when to yield a little , and when to see that there may be further room for compromise .	20	ep
I may not send you back . Not until you 've helped me spend the ten thousand .	1	ep
I think may be we all need to be asking for little forgiveness right about now , baby .	2	ep
It may be that we could have been a little more ambitious , for example as regards the new techniques that science has placed at the disposal of women 's health and reproductive rights .	1	ep
Look, I may not be rambo, okay, but ifyou 're making a trap -- it doesn 't have to work .	2	ep
There , um , may be this boy --	4	ep
To wait for a king , who lets face it , may or may not make it home .	11	ep
I 'm forwarding it on to you , in all it 's unwieldiness even as I know you may not care to adopt it any more than I did at first .	18	ep
Yes , but the police may not think he 's guilty .	5	ep
You ain 't never had any luck , but this time Lady Luck may be in your corner .	13	ep
For some it may not go far enough , but it is a vast improvement .	3	ep
You may see someone you know .	1	ep
No , not as much as you may think .	7	ep
She may have a reserve supply .	1	ep
You may not know this but he 's not an electrical engineer at all .	1	ep
They may have gotten on one of your landing craft .	1	ep
You may be more familiar with its street name ... roofies .	1	ep
It may sound crazy , but he said it was the worst three weeks of his life ,	1	ep
What we must recognise , however , is that much of what creates a threat to our environment may not only be helping mankind in other ways but may actually be helping the environment itself .	28	ep
And you may have killed your wife , sir .	2	ep
I 'm looking for my wife . She may have come through here .	8	ep
Mr Mayer may have in mind the studies carried out by the UK and Swedish Governments two years ago .	2	ep
I think that flag may be poisonous .	4	ep
You may know it as Shangri- la .	1	ep
One : he may not have heard the scream .	3	ep
This may not be my place , don 't let those buggers from Division get to you .	1	ep
We decided , in our wisdom , to draft a resolution which may not be quite as long but which provides you with a whole host of proposals and some counter-proposals .	12	ep
I may will be able to deliver it	1	ep
I may look straight , but deep down , I got what it takes .	1	ep
" It may be that I am doomed to be one of them .	2	ep
Because it may be the last time you ever see me .	2	ep
I may not make it home . You know how Fridaye are .	1	ep
Some of you may recall the strange affair of the Phantom of the Opera a mystery never fully explained .	3	ep
Here are some of the duties you may be asked to perform .	7	ep
The interest may not be overwhelming , but this does not detract from the significance of the legislation before us .	2	ep
She may be trying to close in on his position .	1	ep
It 's possible he may have found a way .	4	ep
You may not like your path , Desmond , but pushing that button is the only truly ... ... great thing that you 'll ever do .	1	ep
Captain , I need to know now where this bomb came from , or even where it didn 't come from or there may not be a tomorrow .	23	ep
Now , you may think you scrubbed all evidence of your true identity from this world , but you missed a spot .	3	ep
You may be king , Uther ... ... but no queen of yours could ever match her .	1	ep
She 's furious . You know what , this may not be the best time to talk .	9	ep
This may sound corny , but ... I feel like I 've already won .	1	ep
- He may not be able to actually decipher the code .	2	ep
You may be needed at any time .	1	ep
I understand I may have created concern because , when faced with such clear evidence of a process , Parliament may say , ' But that is our job ! '	3	ep
But she feels this particular fellow is so outstanding ... he may be just the one to change your attitude .	11	ep
You know , I may not be the smartest guy , But I hear things .	4	ep
So many accusations , but there may be an explanation .	6	ep
If she drives as well as she looks , we may even survive .	10	ep
Taking the extra time to kill Valerie may have been ill- advised .	7	ep
We may still have that model .	1	ep
In five minutes I may not be .	4	ep
I have no monopoly on wisdom , but we know - even as far as it goes or may go - that the Corbett report itself is just a start .	18	ep
- Yeah ? And I may do something drastic .	5	ep
They draw west now , but they may be back .	7	ep
Tobacco 's out . Wheat germ 's in . You know , it may not be such a bad thing for you , either .	13	ep
An individual may be coming there to inquire about a vehicle .	2	ep
You , with your fading star prizes and your 3 straight quarters in the red are dead if you 're to go to your board of directors , and tell them that this summer may be a worse quarter yet .	34	ep
But who knows ? We may be in for another long night . Well , let 's get him to bed .	5	ep
The Commission has been working hard behind the scenes , in cooperation with international agencies , to contribute to the humanitarian assistance that may be needed .	23	ep
Therefore , the Commission considers that this second paragraph of Article 299 of the Treaty is the appropriate legal basis for these proposals and any others which may arise in the future .	27	ep
The Commission may have some argument , but I would remind the Commissioner of the Zwartveld judgement .	2	ep
We may never have another opportunity like this again .	1	ep
Now I don 't think it 's anything you need to worry about . But you may wanna see a genetic counsellor , just to be on the safe side .	16	ep
You may be a fine surgeon -- god knows I know that -- but not today .	1	ep
We might well need to look at a directive in the future but it may be premature to decide now whether a directive is necessary .	14	ep
You may well be aware that Parliament , at my suggestion , proposed this Police Academy in 1998 and brought it into being .	1	ep
He may not have heard the scream .	1	ep
I know it may not look like it , but we are just so , so proud of you , and what all you done with yourself .	3	ep
I welcome the fact that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Parliament agree on the compromise text , which may not satisfy everyone .	21	ep
I may even go to Kentucky or I may even go out to California .	1	ep
We may get out of this yet . JlMMlE :	1	ep
You may have .	1	ep
However , I would like to stress to the Council that it may not be sufficient for Mr Solana to bring the matter up in Gothenburg .	12	ep
They 've identified a man who may have information .	6	ep
If I may , however , just make a few comments on the method .	2	de
Not something I 'd expect to hear from a business that makes tools for war . if I may ask , what is your military true purpose ?	18	de
I may not like it , but he can help you .	1	ep
The straps may be strong enough to hold the heat shield in place .	2	ep
When this material goes national , someone may happen to help you .	7	ep
You should . it may just be gastritis .	4	ep
They may know that I 'm not Charles Grant , G. D. Historian , but Trevor Grant , G. D. History .	1	ep
I may have overstated it when I said bootsie was a bitch .	1	ep
It may just be a downed transmitter .	1	ep
Mr President , may I begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Skinner , for the excellent work he has done in drafting this report .	3	de
- Those stories may be true after all .	3	ep
But I am here , so I can answer any questions you may have .	12	ep
You may be the champ , but you are only one guy .	1	ep
This may sound funny , but ... waiting for you all those years and staying by myself , it was like ... not that you were locked in , but I was locked out .	1	ep
We may be breaking this debate on Lisbon down into constituent parts , but we have a clear objective constantly in mind : we have to create the economic and social conditions needed for sustained growth .	1	ep
They may still be at these coordinates .	1	ep
But it would be wilful carnage to simply go in and slaughter good animals in the thought or the notion that BSE may possibly be in the whole herd .	22	ep
You may not be a sorcerer , Galen Bradwardyn , but that doesn 't matter , not to me .	1	ep
He may have had an interest in it , yes .	1	ep
It may be that he measured his land incorrectly .	1	ep
Regarding your Senate confirmation , it may not be a bad idea for us to have your personal asset liability ...	6	ep
- You may have started an international incident . How did you know ? Come on, peter .	2	ep
My way , your marriage may not last until death ... ... but it 's fun while it hangs together .	5	ep
You may be hungry later .	1	ep
It may not be a movie , but it 's a bloody good story .	1	ep
That may be right .	1	ep
They may have something for him .	1	ep
No , but we may not be the only ones out there looking for the sea lion 's killer . Maybe he didn 't want me to take the boat .	4	ep
We have yet again to reinforce the notion that we are making ourselves accessible to citizens , who may not know about this right or how to access it .	18	ep
Well , I may not have a job if I don 't .	3	ep
You may be right , but we 're not gonna wait around to find out .	1	ep
I may have to replace some of their personnel with my people .	1	ep
Max , we may not be able to open on time .	3	ep
She may have been anxious that once on her path of life she might encounter an event , some sensuously intoxicating charm to which she would surrender .	1	ep
It may have said " sun rise " .	1	ep
What you may not notice Is the momt that being a doctor ... Changes you .	2	ep
- You may be right , Odile .	2	ep
You may never be back again .	1	ep
So , I may be taking the plunge , but I talked Clark off the ledge .	3	ep
It is particularly regrettable in this context that school children may be exposed to intolerance by the parties involved in the conflict .	10	ep
A : She removed any doubts you may have had about her ....	7	ep
She may need to get out fast .	1	ep
I may be a murderer -- murderess .	1	ep
He may have passed by my side on the street while we were walking .	1	ep
I may have overindulged her ,	1	ep
I would also like to make a point that relates to material that people in the House may want to get access to .	17	ep
You may be able to override the reader function manually .	1	ep
You may remember I treated her as a child .	1	ep
Now some of it may seem a little scary , but I promise you all , we are perfectly safe here , okay ?	4	ep
- I may look perfect but -- Just like the Darlings .	2	ep
May be you woke up to look early than he thought .	0	ep
You may not know this ... ... but in the law there 's something called force majeure .	1	ep
And when that time comes , Father ... ... you may learn to regret it .	10	ep
For our point of view , this continual prevarication and threat that there will be no agreement and coordination after all , or that there may be recourse to violence once more , are incomprehensible and unacceptable .	25	ep
This room , even this whole house , may not be here in 100 years .	8	ep
- May we have a moment of your time ? - And who are you ?	1	ep
One man may be the difference between victory and defeat .	2	ep
We may not be close , but I 'm still his father .	1	ep
This may be the future and we will see whether the Feira European Council integrates closer cooperation into the Intergovernmental Conference .	1	ep
Yeah , that 's not gonna happen , but we may be able to do the next best thing .	10	ep
However , as we know nothing about what long-term effects the dispersed material may have , there may be some surprises in store for us .	17	ep
I may be out of line with this , But did he fall off the wagon ?	1	ep
You may not be dumb enough .	1	ep
Particularly in the technical and hi-tech industry , there are a whole host of options with which we may not be all that familiar yet .	18	ep
I 'm afraid in this instance , Mr. Rainsford ... you may have to follow them .	11	ep
I may have played it fand loose , But lennox apologized to that lunt woman , ght ?	1	ep
Of course , I agree with Mrs Lulling that there may be differences , but we shall have to look at these differences a little later .	10	ep
Since 2 p.m. today , foot-and-mouth disease may also have reached Germany and my home region of Mnsterland near the Dutch border .	7	ep
You may change your minds .	1	ep
Well , he may be crazy , but he 's deliberate .	3	ep
And listen for our signals , we may want to flood them out .	7	ep
Mr President , on a point of order , in case some of you are too polite to mention it , you may be aware that there is a very nasty smell around the building .	22	ep
It may be too late .	1	ep
You know , it may be wise To find out whether or not it came alone .	4	ep
By the end of this next session , we may have a signed agreement .	9	ep
That 's as may be , but what you gonna do when the bombs and the strobes go off ?	3	ep
I may ... if you remain cooperative .	1	ep
But I may be able to fix it ... for a price .	2	ep
I don 't have any anti- Parasitic drugs , per se but a massive cocktail of antiviral and antibiotic solutions may help .	20	ep
We may have been a little late in doing so .	1	ep
You may find me facetious ... ... but if I didn 't make some bad jokes , I 'd go out of my mind .	1	ep
It may well be that an evaluation of the current policy will mean confirming this policy , purely for want of a better solution .	1	ep
I don 't think I do but I may be wrong .	8	ep
By tomorrow , he may be the only friend I 've got .	4	ep
I may be fucked up right now but I can see it , he 's not the guy for you .	1	ep
They may even have one or two of them out in Hollywood .	1	ep
The soda water may be a bit different too .	3	ep
And you ... you may begin to love them ... for that .	4	ep
He may be the kingof sales around here, but he 's been rejectedby the elks lodge twice .	1	ep
- He may be here still , but I doubt it .	2	ep
But Stargher may no longer know the truth .	2	ep
You may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition .	1	ep
I may be committing the wrong Brewster .	1	ep
We may have to put them off before we planned .	1	ep
It may be due to the late hour or to the fact that she is aware more funds are to be invested to see through the crash programme I referred to .	1	ep
It may not be that simple .	1	ep
Well , Cindy , this may look like fun , but Bob here 's got 50 bucks says he can beat anyone in this bar .	5	ep
Of course , I may stop at the club ...	4	ep
" lf I blossom into a flower , I may adorn someone 's hair .	9	ep
If we fail to bring in such a softer procedure , it may never be possible to alter the political chapters .	12	ep
But I do not want to dwell on this study because others may dispute it .	12	ep
A coma from which she may never awake .	5	ep
We may have just found a world that can support human life .	1	ep
These worrying freak weather conditions may be the result of global warming , which , it is a well-known fact , is itself exacerbated by the greenhouse effect caused by CO2 emissions .	5	ep
I don 't want to alarm anyone , but we may have a bit of a problem .	10	ep
Of course , I can 't approve this evening something you may do tomorrow .	11	ep
You may wanna think about that next time you leave the screen door open .	1	ep
May Allah not leave us in need .	0	de
There are pressures that are capable of pushing you one direction or another , and here 's some of them ... and ... whether they push you towards insanity , death , empathy , greed , whatever there 's something about the Newtonian view of that physics that might be interesting and may be there could be ... this is what this record is about ...	52	ep
We, um ... my wife thinks she may be pregnant .	7	ep
We may never find the answer ... ... but the important point is they 're not human .	1	ep
It may not have been good business , but it pissed a lot of people off .	1	ep
There may be a meteorite there .	1	ep
I may actually turn out to be one of those lucky people .	1	ep
If the police stop you again , they may impound the car .	8	ep
You may even be slightly troubled by this .	1	ep
There are some who feel like that if they attack us ... ... that we may decide to leave prematurely .	15	ep
Your husband may never walk again .	2	ep
I- I think it 's just that the teacher pay for her actions no matter what other societies may accept .	18	ep
He may have a device that makes it look like he 's using another number .	1	ep
The victim or the killer may have dropped it .	5	ep
If the reason is good enough , he may be able to buy his freedom .	8	ep
I 'm 34 years old , and despite what you may or may not have heard from a certain Scottish person , I like to think that I 'm a pretty fine astrophysicist .	10	ep
She may know the location of their base .	1	ep
This man is of reformed character , advanced age , and suffers from a heart condition and may not be able to serve out his sentence .	17	ep
They may well be at war by now .	1	ep
It may be that , for the first time , there is a glimmer of hope that more rational , positive ways out of the crisis will be found .	1	ep
Look here , a lot of people may not like me , and that 's OK .	7	ep
They may have noticed the rather large ship floating in the sky .	1	ep
I may only have a few more weeks to live .	1	ep
Teyla may be on board .	1	ep
She may be hurt . An assault 's going on .	1	ep
Self and the brothers may have stolen Scyila but none of them have the connections to off- load it .	4	ep
You may want to come down here .	1	ep
They may not know they have it .	1	ep
Surround him . Be careful . He may be armed .	7	ep
By tomorrow his fast heart and high blood pressure may be gone .	9	ep
We know that , we may not be happy about it , but that is how it is .	5	ep
They may be watching you , so I don 't think we should leave together .	1	ep
Because if you wait , you may not have the chance .	6	ep
Madam President , may I ask why the most radical amendment , No 23 , is not being put to the vote first ?	3	de
In 2 hours , they may be free .	5	ep
Michael may not be perfect , Jesse , but he 's not the man you 're saying he is .	1	ep
Robert Kinsey brought in a lot of campaign financing , and , for all we know , he may have used his knowledge of the Stargate as leverage to get himself a place on the ticket .	18	ep
GREDENKO : Um , it may take me more time .	5	ep
I may be stoned on grass and Prozac but ... you walk through our life dead .	1	ep
We may need to give him an epinephrine shot .	1	ep
Like you said , they may be involved in murder .	5	ep
I may even get a new apartment .	1	ep
I think our length of time together on Destiny may be shorter than you think .	9	ep
I may be an outlaw , darling , but you 're the one stealing my heart .	1	ep
If the stone cracks , you may crack with it .	6	ep
But as some ofyou may have heard , ... .. a couple of sacks of rice have become contaminated by a fungus .	4	ep
Hey , a sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie ... but I 'd never know ...	5	ep
You know , Walter , whatever 's happening between Olivia and I ... Or not happening , as the case may be ... Is really between us .	20	ep
- You may have been mistaken ...	2	ep
They may have been well- intentioned , but they were nave , and they were dangerous , and you know that .	1	ep
She may be later than you think .	1	ep
And Sara , I want you to promise me that you 're gonna keep an eye on Linc . As you may have notice , he has the tendency to get in trouble .	21	ep
Mr. Burnett , you may bulldog a steer ... but you cannot bulldog me .	4	ep
He may even die on them and tell them nothing at all !	1	ep
Well , I may have knocked her together but the idea was Mr. Ismay 's .	3	ep
Okay , it may not have been crazy hot monkey sex like when we first started dating , but it was very much in the general category of jungle humping .	3	ep
We may have found a family for Julian	1	ep
I wanna stop looking over my shoulder every time nature calls , so let 's help each other out , I may have information which may prove useful .	21	ep
The Sheriff may be in the forest .	2	ep
They may have to come here on foot !	1	ep
That may be a difficult thing , but although Tom , bless his heart , may not be strong enough for this world , the rest of us must be .	15	ep
That may help .	1	ep
You may get a position of authority .	1	ep
The gods may throw the dice	2	ep
We may look like sissies But watch what you say Or else we 'll put out your lights	1	ep
I mean , this thing may be pumping away for some while to come .	5	ep
It may be opportune to consider whether we can take so-called intelligent sanctions against Burma .	1	ep
- It may not come back on .	2	ep
The climate which prevailed at the discussions which we held helped bring us to the point where we can now discuss developments which may be of particular importance .	23	ep
- Stick around , you may learn something .	5	ep
Not tomorrow , sire . Your Majesty may not witness the establishment of his kingdom .	7	ep
They may be offices .	1	ep
Night of the fight , you may feel a slight sting .	6	ep
It may have been unorthodox , but he came out of the cell and he ddn 't hurt anybody , and he ddn 't get hurt .	1	ep
Also , there may have been an encounter with somebody who can stop time .	3	ep
But if I don 't pick up this phone right here , you may very well get all four .	13	ep
You may not want to hear this, but once that happens , we are both very much aware that Scofield is gonna stop getting curious about where the hell you are .	1	ep
In European terms , this may be swift action , but given the emergency in Mozambique , this is probably very late .	5	ep
This time there may be no stopping them .	3	ep
lf I may say so , we do not have any proof that they are of the Ieyasu clan .	2	de
On the spiritual journey , it 's crucial that we don 't splinter into factions or not include somebody who has advice and may know better .	23	ep
Madam President , I will quickly mention some other issues , if I may , to confirm or expand upon what the Presidency has said .	13	de
It may be necessary to shoot him down .	1	ep
Mr. Vice president, if I may .	5	de
This may seem ... ... a lonesome place to leave him .	1	ep
You may recognize her from the girl band The Panther Girls , otherwise known in Colombia as	1	ep
I may have to seduce Viktor to get rid of him .	1	ep
Mr President , following up on Mr Helmer 's point on the Irish Referendum , you may recall another event last week , in the UK .	16	ep
He may have debated whether to up until the last moment .	1	ep
The specific conditions for this participation , about which you may not be happy , are explained in a letter from the Council to the European Parliament of 18 November 1998 .	10	ep
- I may not find anything .	2	ep
As incredible as it seems , there may be a sub- organization within the police force .	7	ep
The world may not be able to produce enough food to feed all these people .	2	ep
Jack , we may have a lead on Erwich .	3	ep
Since hicks was in charge of safety on the rig , it 's safe to assume the tipster may have come to him first .	18	ep
But if I do get through this ... ... I may have other plans .	10	ep
That 's why we may have to abort .	4	ep
May be the shot that get shim back on track here .	0	ep
Even so , if I may , I would firstly like to ask about the timing of this initiative , which is scheduled a few months prior to the re-launch of the WTO negotiations .	5	de
The Commission evidently has reason to believe that these may be priority hazardous substances but is not sure whether they should be classified as such at this stage .	9	ep
Dr. Grant , we may have another spy .	4	ep
You may think I 'm a strange doctor .	1	ep
The others , although not dangerous , may present a potential health risk , especially when they are used in combination .	7	ep
In areas where risk is likely to be a considerable feature of the exchange , dotcoms for example , commercial banking may be deemed inappropriate and unworkable .	21	ep
We are informed that this is now being investigated as a murder case , which may not be sufficient to give us full confidence but at least they are taking this approach .	15	ep
A small , human gesture and you get a glimmer of hope that - I may let you escape .	15	ep
And you need to be okay with the fact that I may never become an environmental lawyer .	11	ep
I miss this , I may never get another opportunity .	5	ep
So , i heard there may be some big break In the bay harbor butcher case .	5	ep
Mr President , if I may , I would like to examine two parts of the report presented to Parliament . I wish to comment on Recital H and Article 1 e ) .	5	de
- It may be .	2	ep
lf that 's some sort of queen , the other bugs may try to protect it .	11	ep
I don 't know what my mother told you , Mr. Friedmann , but ... there 's no way I 'm staying at that school . I may start at Pasing Elementary . - Ah huh , I see .	27	ep
Good ! Before we carry on though , you may want to move .	9	ep
The president may be alive , but he may not be the president .	8	ep
Apparently , there 's a chance that this may be a murder .	8	ep
This may sound stupid , but I 've never been to one of these things before .	1	ep
The poison may have weakened his system , but it was the gunshot that killed him .	2	ep
These EU-wide standards may offer personnel a minimum of guarantees and that is why we did not vote against the report .	3	ep
And I may never be back here .	2	ep
I may want to ask you a few more questions .	1	ep
- But there are some facts you may want to know .	7	ep
I may be tactless , but I trust my intuition .	1	ep
For it must be clear , ladies and gentlemen - and I include our colleagues from Turkey who may be following this debate today - that the Copenhagen criteria must be fulfilled prior to the opening of negotiations .	18	ep
Although systems of labelling for traceability may vary from one EU Member State to another , they all guarantee a seamless picture of the production chain .	6	ep
We may never get an opportunity like this again .	1	ep
I may go back to loansharking for a rest !	1	ep
That may not be enough .	1	ep
In the future , technology may allow an investigation of the wreckage .	5	ep
Look , I may not go dancing up and down the Champs- Elysees , but privately I have as much fun as any Frenchman in Paris .	3	ep
Madam President , it may well be that the issue concerns the elderly as well , but it is extremely important in terms of young people and , above all , children .	4	ep
Well , she may not be the source of the leak , but she could 've told someone where Jerry was staying .	3	ep
I don 't know , sir , it may have been the Asgard .	8	ep
There may be nothing at all to worry about .	1	ep
It was adopted by a large majority in committee and some of the supporters of the Conservatives and Christian Democrats may not appreciate their failure to be part of that majority .	20	ep
Instead you 're up to your elbows in some irrelevant dead guy who may or may not be connected to a magic cat because you want to prove to me that you don 't care .	13	ep
You may now depart for your weekend .	1	ep
You may well be our last guest .	1	ep
The person may very well still be alive somewhere .	2	ep
My decision may have been wrong , but I can 't condone that kind of insubordination .	2	ep
- It may be immoral .	2	ep
Well , he may be crazy , but he 's also a criminal genius .	3	ep
Ramon ... may have ... borrowed a cell phone ... that belonged to Freebo 's mother .	2	ep
Weight of two men may be too much for bridge .	4	ep
The one in the light covering may be a woman .	6	ep
See , I do believe that God may or may not live in heaven ...	7	ep
If he were to place a word in it , Then crixus may be replaced in the primus .	12	ep
You -- you may actually have gotten the wrong sandwich .	3	ep
You may think you 're king , but you 're not worth a goddamn .	1	ep
This may work in certain countries as they currently have a relatively low retirement age , at least for certain categories of pensioner .	1	ep
Seeing as we 're being pals , I 'll give you a bonus that may come in handy .	14	ep
I may not be much of a horse guy , but I was born to do this .	1	ep
I know we may never see each other again ... ... so I think it 's safe to say ... ... you are the most blindingly attractive man that I 've ever seen .	3	ep
Tomorrow we may take a softer line , but nevertheless we want to see action in this area .	2	ep
Yeah , the water may be gone now , but this desert was formed by h2o evaporating on a playa floor , causing gypsum to be deposited in a fine crystalline form called selenite ...	4	ep
This port has severely icy conditions , and we know that the package which we are approving today may not perhaps lead to vessels having double hulls until 2017 .	18	ep
I may have a lead on that insider .	1	ep
We may still have mail .	1	ep
Therefore , Europe may well do better to focus on the deep-rooted causes of the unmanageable problem of illegal immigration rather than on the symptoms .	3	ep
Who knows , I may actually do some business , too .	4	ep
I 'm going to anyway because it may mean something later on .	7	ep
You all may want to go off on your own .	2	ep
And now I have what may seem under the circumstances , a bizarre request .	5	ep
Mr President , may I begin by paying tribute to the painstaking and , from what I hear , the pains-accepting work of Mr van Hulten in preparing his report .	3	de
Oh , did I tell you ? I think I may have an interview with Borges .	10	ep
Who knows , we may yet have a horserace this afternoon .	4	ep
Elijah may be dead , but this isn 't over .	1	ep
I may even find the courage to forgive you someday .	1	ep
- May l ?	1	de
" Sheriff of Red Rock , Wayne Brown may have ... a killer to murder his wife " .	8	ep
Editor paley , this may be the last message You receive from me ,	4	ep
We think it may have been an Alpha .	3	ep
It can also take you to places you may not want to go .	8	ep
If the follow- up comes , we may discover the author , thanks to both . It 's happened before .	7	ep
Quinlan 's intuition may still turn out to be better that yours .	3	ep
Some of you may die , but it 's a sacrifice I 'm willing to make .	3	ep
She may have lice . Oh , you !	1	ep
Look , we may not be together anore , but I still carebout you .	3	ep
In fact ... This may be the ... Closest I 've been to a woman all year .	4	ep
Okay , in the process of truly getting over him , I may have called him and left an ... indelicate voice mail .	12	ep
- This may hurt .	2	ep
So you may not understand , but that is how Jeff feels .	2	ep
You may want to try it once again for the sake of Melek .	1	ep
All this may have begun with a tragic accident .	2	ep
You may be the only person I 'm doing better than .	1	ep
I may not like it	1	ep
The possibility exists that it will be fought out on principle , but the amendments submitted by us mean that this may not be necessary .	21	ep
You , being from out of town, may not have known that , which is why I 'm stillon this side of the desk .	7	ep
Police officers may arrive , they may not .	2	ep
Kim , I may be stupid , but I 'm not bloody stupid .	3	ep
Look , I know this may sound nuts , but I 'm thinking of going home with a guy who may be significantly younger than me , and I just need to know if the situation is empowering or desprete .	20	ep
This is going to set off a chain of events that we may not be able to contain . BOBBY :	12	ep
Now can you think of anybody who may have had a personal grudge against your husband ?	7	ep
The people of Gum Kingdom are always cunning , it may be a trap	10	ep
A boy may die .	2	ep
lf we destroy Kansas , the world may not hear about it for years .	7	ep
What will I lose that I 'm chemically attached to ... and what person , place , thing , time or event ... that I 'm chemically attached to that I don 't want to lose ... because I may have to experience the chemical withdrawal from that ?	39	ep
Elliot you can 't let this girl do this again ... you gotta tell Gayle so she can police it ... but may be dying is the right choice for her ... but i don 't think it 's the right choice for you ... you know as doctors sometime we have to ... protect ourselves first	22	ep
Suit , once this is all finished , we may have Larssen , but you 're still framed for planting the gun .	9	ep
It may be our only hope .	1	ep
Local authorities have admitted they may have dropped the ball .	5	ep
I know this may be very hard for you to swallow .	3	ep
It may sound a bit ... a bit dull .	1	ep
You may want to argue , but luckily this is a one- way conversation .	1	ep
There may be a way to avoid interfering with the circulation ...	1	ep
It may not look it , but that couch is very comfortable .	1	ep
If you catch them drunk and speaking too much , you may learn things that will be of use in the future .	11	ep
They also consider that such ' manipulation ' poses a serious threat which may increase considerably in the immediate future .	13	ep
If I create a disguise for us , we may just sneak into Maury 's undetected .	9	ep
I have some reservations , in that if you abolish extradition what you put in its place may not be effective .	17	ep
Mr President , may I introduce a further thought ?	3	de
Apparently , there 's a search on for a person who may be a spy , trapped right now inside the Pentagon itself .	11	ep
Unfortunately , we may never know what really happened .	3	ep
Mr. Scott , this isn 't over . Dale Lawson may not know who I am , but he still knows who you are .	10	ep
For the threshold value below which contaminated seeds may nonetheless be put on the market , the most recent state of the art must alone be decisive .	8	de
Sound-bite television has not been helpful to public understanding of this complicated disease - as you may have experienced a few moments ago , Commissioner .	16	ep
I wanna talk with your father ... about a new twist in video that he may not be aware of .	15	ep
We can 't take a chance on something that may or may not happen .	11	ep
You may not have legs, but you got ears .	1	ep
- No . I know I may sound harsh , but I 'm talking about our kids .	6	ep
At some point there may be another referendum among the people on the Rock asking : " Under whose sovereignty do you wish to live ? "	4	ep
Perhaps you 'd prefer that I put Olivia into a heightened state of fear and anxiety in the hopes that she may get a glimmer from the other side .	21	ep
Well , if I don 't bet 'em , ya may not think I got 'em , so I 'm bettin ' .	10	ep
This may be our last hope .	1	ep
The war may have broken out ?	2	ep
You 've got to prepare yourself for the possibility she may not be coming back .	10	ep
- This hypothetical person May also have hidden mikes on our d- line .	4	ep
He may be dead already .	1	ep
She is better than her photo and may also be good hearted .	7	ep
No . I may need to talk to you , so you let me know if you 're gonna leave town .	3	ep
Look , Dad , this may come as a big shock to you , but every move I make does not have to do with you .	5	ep
Look , man , I may have a ... fail to amuse with my sermon , but I did try .	5	ep
We may have veered a little south , but we should have hit the road by now .	1	ep
Mr President , may I start by saying how delighted I am to see the new generation of Europe in the visitors ' gallery following this debate , which directly affects their future .	3	de
Are there any left ? ! There may be one .	7	ep
It may be that the opportunities for legal assistance in disputes should be increased . Increased expert assistance might be considered .	1	ep
I may well have done the wrong thing , but that is how things are .	1	ep
I would like to stress , and I understand Mr MacCormick ' s concern on this issue , that your amendment may have the opposite effect .	21	ep
We may have lost our only chance of locating Assad .	1	ep
Now , then , I think some of you may have noticed that all 27 of the patients that were here in the lCU when I started last night are still alive , and I intend for them to still be breathing when I get the hell outta here tonight at midnight .	9	ep
I was may be up there forten minutes , but it felt like three days .	2	ep
We got to be the best of friends , and although I may never see him again , I miss him .	12	ep
For what it 's worth , my parents may seem really happy , but ... they have their own problems , too .	8	ep
Has it ever occurred to you that serving Baal may not be my only interest here ?	9	ep
I have to see Maddie . It may still be alive .	7	ep
Sophie may be mine , but she may be Bill 's or Harry 's ?	7	ep
But it is also a fact that prawns feed on cod larvae , so once the cod have gone they may never return .	20	ep
They may work on one side and live on the other .	1	ep
- May , I know you 're scared ...	1	ep
Sorry to trouble you , but you may like to know that today 's Hatton Garden robbery was pulled off by Mr George Thomason .	7	ep
I- I- I fear I may have dialed the wrong number again .	5	ep
But this touches on something of a very fundamental political nature , and merely technical responses to a record which shows a difference in votes may not be enough .	25	ep
Raymond and I may disagree on certain issues , but I think we share the same fundamental vision of what this country can be .	3	ep
He is wearing a dark brown jacket that may display CTU ID .	8	ep
May I also thank the rapporteurs .	0	de
You know , you may already have .	4	ep
I may want to come back and if we find you washing windows , it puts a damper on things .	1	ep
I may be synthetic , but I 'm not stupid .	1	ep
It may be because there are so many humans from Earth on other planets ... .. that most contagions are already out there .	1	ep
Mr President , may I begin by saying that the Commission welcomes this report on the operation of the European works councils directive .	3	de
May I please just know what in the hell is going on ?	0	ep
It may be useful that we , together with the women involved , should take an initiative .	1	ep
This may be her last chance .	1	ep
I may miss the whole semester .	1	ep
And though I can hide my cold gaze ... and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours ... and may be you can even sense our life styles are probably comparable ,	22	ep
I 'm saying , sir , whoever that is down there , he may be our only hope .	13	ep
You may wonder , how can wood getso hard ?	1	ep
Sorry to trouble you , but you may like to know ... ... that today 's Hatton Garden robbery was pulled off by Mr George Thomason .	7	ep
I mean , I know that we 're several billion light years apart , and , well , that may never change ...	19	ep
I may just do that .	1	ep
They may be tracking me .	1	ep
I may have to leave Bechev if they don 't find someone for me here .	1	ep
It may not be a perfectly perfect memory .	1	ep
I 'm sorry I couldn 't wait to discuss this with you . But as you may know , I am now a fugitive fromjustice .	16	ep
However , until we find a correct formal solution we may have to continue with informal summits , that is , follow the informal procedure .	10	ep
As you may have noticed , we dropped ourselves out of FTL .	2	ep
If I may , I should like to make a number of additional comments regarding the situation in that country .	2	de
- Because there may be hope for you yet .	3	ep
They may be tracking me . It 's not safe here .	1	ep
You may not understand feelings ... but as my son , you have them .	1	ep
This would at the very least prevent us from voting on out-of-date documents as we did in November , or only nodding our assent retrospectively , which we may do this week .	28	ep
It may well be that others are worse , but that does not place us in any better a light .	1	ep
I may even have been able to save this world had you not interfered .	1	ep
Sir , I 've discovered ... ... what may be a flaw in our tactics .	8	ep
I may seem like the cocky American who walks like he owns the world , but that doesn 't mean I don 't have strong convictions about the future of this world .	1	ep
Now they 're telling me he may not get in .	6	ep
I may not see you again , but ... do believe me how much knowing you have meant to me .	1	ep
How can we now prevent the Iraq question from resulting in serious trade conflicts between the European Union and the United States which may obstruct the results of Cancun ?	23	ep
It 's me again . Janet may know where Kimberly is .	6	ep
- It may be why I came back . - A record release party ?	2	ep
Has it ever occurred to you Marco may not want to go to Spain ?	7	ep
I just delivered the first speech written entirely by myself since we met ... ... and I think I may have blown it , so I wanted to ask your thoughts .	19	ep
We may look like pansies But don 't get us wrong Or else we 'll put out your lights	1	ep
May I run over time slightly in order to pay my respects and offer my thanks to all the members who have patiently fought to make headway here over the years , long before my arrival here .	0	de
Our dead man may have one thing left to say .	3	ep
There 's something wrong with his emergency chole patient . ( miranda ) u may have Accidentally clipped the common bile duct .	14	ep
It may be too much to ask of someone who spends . . . . . . her creative inteIlect on her hair .	1	ep
The man may feel like crying .	2	ep
They may be buying into your message of forgiveness .	1	ep
I was to spend it with a friend , but she may be involved in family problems .	11	ep
Look , you may not get it , 'cause , um , well , you 're a mother and , um ... You love your kid .	3	ep
No , Craig , you may think you 're running , but you 're not .	5	ep
Drop your guard one minute , we 'll have failed , you may be dead .	12	ep
He may not be the youngest , but he 's certainly the cutest .	1	ep
Now , you may have noticed there was a slice of cake missing .	3	ep
- Some of them may even be true .	4	ep
So you may not see it , but trust me .	2	ep
We were talking once , drinking rum , and I may have mentioned Adele .	10	ep
You may have to be here without me .	1	ep
Or your girl may become an orphan after our first battle .	3	ep
I may work in casual , but my heart is in couture .	1	ep
Many of the new issues involved may well have been present a year ago in a different form .	6	ep
- She may need a raise .	2	ep
I may not love all your things , but I love that you 're here .	1	ep
You may get stabbed in the head With a dagger or a sword	1	ep
I was worried that you had no humanity left inside of you , that you may have actually become the monster that you pretend to be .	15	ep
Those who have loved ones , say good- bye before we go . you may not get another chance .	14	ep
I may have a whole new career entertaining children instead of working for a place that uses them to assemble munitions .	1	ep
In fact , I may join you tomorrow morning .	4	ep
That may have been the last case .	1	ep
- Oh , I was attacked . You may have read about it ?	8	ep
I know this may be very hard for you to swallow , but you 're only feeling this way because we 've made such progress .	3	ep
And you 're ... you 're good , So you may not get it . But , um , you know , you know me , and you haven 't tried to ...	10	ep
Many may know , we just got back from a week of filming in Hawaii ... ... and it was an incredible trip .	1	ep
I 'll ask at the factory . They may know something .	8	ep
No , but this just may get me the job .	5	ep
Jafar Khan may be loved by Joint Special Operations Command , but once upon a time , he had another patron saint , the ClA .	2	ep
But NSA 's telling us they may have Munich to Damascus intercepts that might shed some light .	6	ep
I may have wanted her dead , but I didn 't do it . I didn 't kill her .	1	ep
They may 've done it already .	1	ep
A person from another planet may disagree .	5	ep
He may be crazy , But he 's also a criminal genius .	1	ep
I may have got us lost .	1	ep
Everything may be too much .	1	ep
Your kidney may not be going directly to my husband , But you 're one of the people saving his life today .	2	ep
We may not have much time before the Goa 'uld come through and block our gate .	1	ep
I may ask you to when this is over .	1	ep
However , it may of course be that Mrs Schreyer can help me .	3	ep
It may be that she 'll marry the good prince who loves her .	1	ep
He may not speak your dialect , but I need you to translate and help me out .	1	ep
For all I know , we may end up burning out all our power before we reach the next star .	6	ep
This is a point of law on which we may disagree , but I do not believe that we are fundamentally opposed to one another .	9	ep
May be onto something .	0	ep
But you 've noticed her , which may have been the point .	7	ep
The draft at the mouth of that river may be too shallow .	8	ep
You know , can I just say something that may sound a little ... sappy ?	9	ep
May I depart from normal practice by asking you to pay greater attention to the allocated time slots .	0	de
I am afraid that the Commission may have gone beyond what was agreed at Tampere .	6	ep
Mr. Spencer , now , by my estimation , you may be in some serious trouble here .	10	ep
Because I may have been the last person to ever see her alive , and my story sounds fishy at best .	2	ep
Your uncle may be another Harry Truman .	2	ep
Still , they may get there and they may pull it off .	3	ep
In light of my recent episode , now may be the appropriate time .	8	ep
Keep your nightlife down and your hopes up . You may hear from us . Thank you .	10	ep
I may have missed it in the list she gave out .	1	ep
It may be easy for you to decide	1	ep
- He may be joining the Peace Corps .	2	ep
Just one comment if I may : I understand that on various occasions colleagues may want to test the quorum .	5	de
It may well be that we cannot do anything about it .	1	ep
With the support of the Queen Mother , your life may be spared .	10	ep
Depending on how you answer ... you may walk out of here with a tan .	7	ep
I may be married now .	1	ep
I really do not know what kind of world we are living in , and I cannot get over my amazement , regardless of the economic and legal reasons this multinational may have .	31	ep
In a press conference yesterday , he implicitly backed the principle of pre-emptive action on Iraq , saying that the simple restoration of weapons inspectors into Iraq may not be sufficient to avert war .	27	ep
Oh , wait a minute . I may have enough .	7	ep
- I may have been hasty . . . .	2	ep
It may be best for us if Rua dies .	1	ep
In light of this , he may not have a choice .	6	ep
Balthazar Blake may have found the Prime Merlinian .	2	ep
We may have the opportunity to review the international situation , focusing particularly on how best to continue combating terrorism in the light of the recent tragic events in Bali and the Philippines .	1	ep
I may need	1	ep
I may be in a mental hospital , but I know you 're dead , and I 'm not having an imaginary conversation with you .	1	ep
I may be needin ' this .	1	ep
Of course , they may be waiting for you at the prison .	4	ep
Look , you may not understand this , but ... We 're destined for each other .	3	ep
Well , i may not be the swiftest guy in the world even when i 'm not hungover ... ... but i do seem to remember a process where you ask me questions ... ... and i give answers , and i ask questions and you give answers ... ... and that 's the way we find out things . i think i read that in a manual somewhere .	3	ep
You may wanna --	1	ep
He may not want to be rescued .	1	ep
You may not like who 's flying with you , but whose side are you on ?	1	ep
We all know you have tax troubles in your country ... ... and that you may have to do a little time .	15	ep
That may be the way they are .	1	ep
And since it may happen that I 'm buried forever in these sands , this unaccustomed thought even making me feel sad ...	3	ep
Howard is a complete and total ass , Bernadette is in Penny 's bed , Amy bites , and Penny may or may not have coitus with Leonard . Okay .	22	ep
- Well , I may not be there .	4	ep
Yeah , I may not be good at school or sports , but no one beats me at ball jokes .	3	ep
He may be dead , sir .	1	ep
It may be the dumbest thing i ever did .	1	ep
We may capture a few .	1	ep
What I 'm asking you to do may be dangerous , but it 's not illegal .	7	ep
Bats may be .	1	ep
You know , you may not believe this , but in some ways , you 're actually stronger than I am .	4	ep
May be better for me If I move away .	0	ep
I may or may not have got on the list , but I had no idea whether or not this was the case .	3	ep
I may not have lived up to your expectations , but if you hurt her , You will have failed all of mine !	1	ep
I may not be the easiest person to live with , but you could have done a whole lot worse .	1	ep
The Commissioner may be aware that for the last two years the Irish Sea has been closed at spawning time to aid stock recovery .	2	ep
I may not know why she thinks she 's here , but I want to take the risk .	1	ep
I thought you may enjoy this .	3	ep
You may not know it , but I let you down .	1	ep
Roy may have kept the business names separate , but you were all in this together .	1	ep
You may find that hard to believe , in the light of what has happened .	1	ep
It may be that I will find something to give ... ... that people will be glad to take .	1	ep
I may even join a gym .	1	ep
Finally , as you have already had the opportunity to study our communication on sustainable aquaculture , you may have noticed how much our intended policy in the area takes into account environmental protection requirements .	18	ep
And I may be always frowning	2	ep
Look , I may not see him a lot , but it doesn 't matter .	3	ep
He may keep you better , but I will love you longer .	1	ep
To you , who have not accessed it ... may recognize it simply as light . All groups , including us ......	9	ep
One thing you 'll see -- it sounds like tavio may be telling her that he needs a witness taken out .	10	ep
And I may not have been in love with your father , but I loved him .	2	ep
That lady may have killed her husband .	2	ep
- May I ?	1	de
You may be right . But try not to think about it .	1	ep
I may ... have reacted poorly ... before .	1	ep
Now my son , Aron , that is , thinks I may have a good idea here .	11	ep
May I just explain what it is about , because this discussion between the Council and Parliament on the matter of the level at which discussions should take place seems rather parochial .	0	ep
- Tomorrow I may not be .	3	ep
I should like to thank the President-in-Office for his response and would like to give him some information of which he may not be aware .	21	ep
And the day may come sooner than you think .	3	ep
Some technical problems may persist , but we can say that everything is working .	3	ep
It may not look like much to you , but it 's all I 've got !	1	ep
Sir , you may not wanna be here for this .	3	ep
I may have seen a similar mark ...	1	ep
Despite that , I have voted in favour of the Czech Republic 's accession , thus demonstrating a trust that may , for all I know , be misplaced .	20	ep
My style may be too direct .	2	ep
A third question the people may ask themselves is this : why is nothing happening now that an assessment has taken place which may have raised certain issues ?	23	ep
That is hanging over our heads and that is , I believe the quiet we are still experiencing , which may become a storm once we are confronted with all the consequences of the expansion .	20	ep
- We may be only six men ...	2	ep
- May have been premature .	1	ep
I 'd like to say something though it may be useless , sisters	8	ep
Yeah , well , I may be lonely , but I 'm still gonna kick your Egyptian ass .	5	ep
- Then they may still be alive ?	3	ep
We do today right , we may even have a shot at tomorrow .	6	ep
Take care of yourself . We may need you again , John Henry .	6	ep
Council is discussing the proposals put forward by the Commission ; Parliament , which desperately needs powers of codecision , may be reconsulted on this matter .	20	ep
To my friends I would say , the Good Samaritan crossed the road and helped his neighbour : your neighbour may have Parkinson 's disease , or Alzheimer 's disease or spinal injury , or diabetes .	20	ep
This may be the biggest thing that 's ever happened .	1	ep
This is a further important stage , which may be more significant than others in terms of public opinion , but also or precisely because of this it is important that it is completed quickly .	8	ep
The doctors have recommended that I stop reading the papers and watching the TV news because , though I may not let it show , my exasperation appears on the machines I 'm hooked up to .	19	ep
I may teach . I may write a book .	1	ep
But it may be possible to redirect the transmissions from his visual centers ... ... to his auditory cortex .	2	ep
Finally , I have come to the third point , which may well be the most sweeping in my report .	11	ep
The amendments which deal with this issue are therefore acceptable in principle , although they may require some rewording .	15	ep
Some of you may not believe this , but I only discovered the motion tabled by Mr Ribeiro e Castro as I was coming into the Chamber .	3	ep
It may all be for the best .	1	ep
We may get out of this yet .	1	ep
We may be sucking back a few beers later on .	1	ep
I believe that there may be a common interest in incorporating a parliamentary delegation into the debates , and we will have to see how we could articulate it according to what happens in other types of negotiations .	4	ep
Mr. Kurtzman , you could be held in contempt of court ... ... and I may have ruled so ... ... but the prosecution has decided not to pursue this action .	15	ep
As you may know , the Commission is giving very high priority to making a proposal for a horizontal instrument to remove barriers in the services market by the end of the year .	2	ep
The European institutions may have the power to decide what constitutes a legal or illegal way to use the proceeds . They do not have the power to ' exonerate ' the proceeds .	3	ep
You may have to get closer than you like .	1	ep
I may have to strap you to the bed . permanently .	1	ep
The times may have changed , but we used to think differently about this .	2	ep
- I don 't know . Let 's get home . He may have already called you .	12	ep
We may be able to hold off on this First Liberty thing for a while ... ... but if you start pushing this new jobs --	1	ep
If you can carry it to the top of the mountain ... ... you may find what you were looking for in the first place .	14	ep
I may be old , but I 'm aerodynamic . - Whoo- hoo ! - Whoa .	1	ep
This may be of no use but ...	1	ep
i may be trapped here , but i 'm not one of the prisoners .	1	ep
Mozambique is surely an excellent current example of how intervention may be required in terms of military logistics , not for military purposes , but with strictly humanitarian ends .	10	ep
And you may learn something .	2	ep
It was my intention to make a start here with my proposal , even if the Commission has indicated to the committee that this kind of approach may not be practicable at the moment for legal reasons .	27	ep
CTU may have located the virus .	1	ep
Audrey has some news that may interest you .	5	ep
I think if you 're not careful , you may never find your way back again . and that , Aiden , that worries me .	9	ep
She may be deported to China .	1	ep
Who knows when we may need one of them to pop up and rescue us from ourselves ?	4	ep
There is a rabbi who may be able to help you .	5	ep
It 's true , I may be lacking something in the west ... ... but I more than make up for it in the north . Think about it .	5	ep
I may have mentioned our conversation over a session of hacky sack .	1	ep
You may find a way for us yet .	1	ep
It may well be a very good constitution .	1	ep
We may have to take steps .	1	ep
We may not have another one year .	1	ep
When you said you 'd gonna kill everyone ... I thought you may just 've been exaggerating .	12	ep
Go back , Mara . There may be a fight .	6	ep
Now it may take time , but one day you will hold that school in the palm of your dainty hand .	2	ep
It may sound strange , but ... other than the time my mother came down to visit me and ... said she thought I turned out all right ... ... lying next to Eloise ... ... in the same situation together ... ... that was the best moment of my life .	1	ep
You may need this to cross the river .	1	ep
Although we have rightly heard a certain sense of alarm about the dual presidency , it may not be as bad as it sounds , like the music of Wagner .	16	ep
You know , Charlie may be prickly and crusty on the outside , but inside , he 's all soft and gooey .	4	ep
It may not be entirely clear to you right now .	1	ep
They may not be sophisticated , but they can divide ... ... and $20, 000, 000 isn 't shit after splitting it .	1	ep
This guy , Jason ... may be a real brain and all , but can he do this ?	5	ep
May we ask you what you feel about ... ... your duty on the board today ?	0	de
That may no longer be the case .	1	ep
If I may be allowed to speak to Sir Edward in private ?	2	ep
He may never walk again, but if you try this, he could throw a clot, go into organ failure, and he could die .	1	ep
I may be thick , but this sucks , standing here waiting .	1	ep
I may be bombing an office building , but I 'll find out .	1	ep
This may be part of the reason why the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs adopted the report unanimously .	1	ep
They may think you ran away ...	1	ep
We may all be killed .	1	ep
And that you may be Queen some day .	3	ep
Some folks may find it a little strange that we laugh ,,, we sing , and we joke ,,, but we 're doing our thing the black way to commemorate ,	2	ep
He may have saved you , but that was no coincidence .	1	ep
I may call you tomorrow to see if it 's improved .	1	ep
President-in-Office of the Council , there may actually be another way of tackling these negotiations .	6	ep
If we don 't make a move now , we may not get a chance later .	10	ep
Madam , If I may ,	4	de
Go ahead . We believe that General Habib may have given Fayed a duress signal .	8	ep
You may have heard of it .	1	ep
You may know that several of us have tabled amendments to restore the lines to what they were last year .	1	ep
Haskell needs our detonator -- I think I may have sold him on letting me be there to set it off .	8	ep
You may be having a problem I can help you with .	1	ep
Well , you may find it hollow , we find it whatever is the opposite of hollow .	3	ep
Not yet , but we may have a match on the yellow carpet fibers .	5	ep
We may be able to sign it , and then give this a permanent place as what we want as regards the handling of this issue in the next Parliament .	1	ep
He may give us a little something for our troubles .	1	ep
Look , I know you may not wanna talk to me , but are you willing to listen to me ?	5	ep
It may sound presumptuous of me - - but in my humble way , I 've suffered as much physical pain as Jesus .	1	ep
It may require some cutting .	1	ep
As you may or may not know, today is canada appreciation day .	2	ep
I know we may never see each other again . . . . . . so I think it 's safe to say . . . . . . you are the most . . . . . . blindingly attractive man that I 've ever seen .	3	ep
We may have something to learn from America , where they have , of course , imposed a moratorium on such e-tax .	1	ep
I may never know ... what it is to ... love ... a man .	1	ep
If I 'm right , there 's a lady who works there who may be able to help me .	13	ep
But Mrs Schreyer is speaking later , if you wish her to deal with this matter then she may - it will be entirely up to her .	18	de
Today a Member State , France , is in fact launching an official investigation into what the Echelon system was , is and may yet be .	23	ep
Madam , if I may ?	4	de
You may recall that at a previous debate I took inspiration from the late , great Elvis Presley when he said ' it 's now or never ' .	1	ep
Now , I may not be your boss anymore , But until someone tells me otherwise , I still outrank you .	3	ep
* You may think that you are bad	2	ep
Mr President , Madam Vice-President of the Commission , may I again thank the three rapporteurs on behalf of my group .	9	de
It may not be much of a river to you , but to me ... ... the Mississippi , the Rio Grande ... ... the Danube ... ... the Amazon .	1	ep
