Must be important .	0	ep
There must 've been a kid in school ... whom you said you 'd marry when you grew up .	1	ep
We must continue with the campaign against violence and with preventive measures .	1	de
These must really be hip .	1	ep
He must come , after I Ieave ... and before the other guy starts his shift .	1	ep
You said that this would be the last time you would speak , Mr Fatuzzo , but you must just have meant for today !	18	ep
I think your suggestion is good , but I must consider first .	9	de
You must be the man of the house .	1	ep
I must have dropped them and they got kicked under .	1	ep
The necessary and valuable spirit of initiative must be offset by a sense of responsibility towards society .	7	de
But you must have friends , a home , family ?	2	ep
He must feel so safe and taken care of .	1	ep
Mr de Miguel , I completely share your view that a better description must be produced and that the budget must be planned more effectively .	20	de
here , up left corner ... " E " must stand for income	9	ep
Of course , we must have clear information permitting full traceability from farm to plate .	4	de
Simon , l- I know this must look , um , unusual , ... .. but there is a very logical explanation for this .	6	ep
Your wife must be at her parents ... with the baby ...	2	ep
You must have heard what everyone is saying now .	1	ep
It must be a childhood memory .	1	ep
I bet the ... - I bet the view must be spectacular , huh , Ed ?	9	ep
- Must 've picked me up . - Oh .	1	ep
They must have had about 50 health violations during their last inspection .	1	ep
You must have taken your own sweet time getting here .	1	ep
You know what , Dave ? That must be it .	7	ep
You must have a guilty conscience .	1	ep
- Her flesh must be tender . - Let her go !	3	ep
She must have been a very special woman , your mother .	1	ep
You must have such a laugh here .	1	ep
He must be worried .	1	ep
Must have stood up too fast .	0	ep
It must be late now .	1	ep
It must be that monk 's magic at work !	1	ep
In addition , the loser must be given the means to make his criticism known to the voters .	5	de
" I must have liberty . "	2	de
But you must realise I am no longer a member of the High Council .	2	ep
Henri must 've told him you talked .	1	ep
You must have Ieft your door unlocked .	1	ep
The CAP must be reorganised to encourage farmers .	2	de
Well ... then I -- I must drink alone .	6	ep
That must be the device he 's using to forward the e- mails to the Russians .	1	ep
We must have clear European standards and European measuring methods .	1	de
It must be why I 'm still single .	1	ep
He must have saved 10 people .	1	ep
The European Parliament must achieve greater participation without necessarily demanding the right to make decisions .	3	de
They were after the doctors . I got a feeling whatever bug Eva 's chasing , it must be a doozy .	17	ep
The European Union must agree to prioritise growth and employment , promoting the genuine integration of the economies of the Member States .	3	de
It must 've been a relief ?	1	ep
- You must be excited to run tomorrow .	2	ep
We must be more ambitious and more decisive if we are to resolve the causes of inequality , violence and poverty .	1	de
Must one have reason to help those in need ?	0	de
You must see many people you know here .	1	ep
WeIl , he must have found some of the answers .	3	ep
I must have dozed off .	1	ep
They must know I took it .	1	ep
- There must be rats everywhere .	2	ep
That must hurt !	1	ep
You must not have a home life .	1	ep
- Must be great .	1	ep
If we are to be able to create a dynamic and competitive Europe , then deregulation , liberalisation , structural changes and tax reductions must be implemented .	24	de
Charlie , you must not be getting enough at home .	3	ep
There must also be a necessary reserve of key energy products in stock .	1	de
They must have been trapped in the section of the ship that was sealed off .	1	ep
He must 've been joking or something .	1	ep
- He must be halfway to Brunico by now .	2	ep
You must be going nuts right now .	1	ep
They must have forgotten to disconnect this area from the mains .	1	ep
You must come here a lot .	1	ep
Well ... There must be something I can do .	3	ep
It must be against FSB regulations .	1	ep
He must have gone out .	1	ep
There must be times when you feel alone .	1	ep
No , they must be driving back .	3	ep
When supervision and operation are handed over to the various directorates-general , they must be monitored effectively .	13	de
Well , you must have one plane fast enough ...	3	ep
All that looks great , It must be wonderful , but ...	6	ep
He must have been out of his mind to stick a gun in his mouth .	1	ep
You must be fed up with eggs ?	1	ep
They must put out an advance guard of some sort .	1	ep
I must 've gone to sleep .	1	ep
Oh , you must have left it somewhere .	3	ep
Must be global warming .	0	ep
When it comes to your union situation here , he must be a very good negotiator .	10	ep
It must have been awful to quit what you 'd been doing .	1	ep
He must hate me .	1	ep
If the citizens of Europe want a constitution , there must be a constitutive process based on democracy , social rights , public services and the general interest .	10	de
You must 've met Erin .	1	ep
- It must be four years . - it 's closer to five .	2	ep
I must 've flipped out too ...	1	ep
When you make noodles , you must have a precise recipe .	6	de
" Something must be missing underneath , "	2	ep
She must be looking for me .	1	ep
Santa Claus ' brother , that must be a tough beat .	6	ep
It 's time to tend to our son 's grave . It must 've overgrown with weeds ...	12	ep
You must be kidding .	1	ep
It must be from my brother .	1	ep
The regulation on the subject of the Community ' s forests must be reformed , but Parliament cannot undertake financial commitments until the present regulation expires in 2001 .	11	de
I must be drunk .	1	ep
Lots must have died , too .	1	ep
He must have been something , all right .	1	ep
But you must feed .	2	de
Someone must have entered the room .	1	ep
In order to achieve this strategic direction , there must be an institutional alliance which transcends the natural differences of political opinion .	9	de
He sure must 've been drunk this time .	2	ep
- It must have been a revelation to have a 24- year- old character played by a 24- year- old actress .	2	ep
You must be Mr Rocky Balboa .	1	ep
He must be lying .	1	ep
Lydia must have told you .	1	ep
You must .	1	ep
Around here there must be hundreds .	3	ep
It must have been a very heady thing for her to have all that come at her ... because she came from absolutely out of nowhere .	1	ep
This piano must 've been a great comfort to her when she did get up .	2	ep
He must be lonely .	1	ep
But I must have dozed because the next thing I had a feeling that someone was in my room .	2	ep
Must have been fate !	0	ep
- Must be a short haircut .	1	ep
Your shower must have been quite stimulating .	2	ep
Must you have an explanation ?	0	de
You must 've done this before .	1	ep
What he wants from him must be very important .	5	ep
He must have lost everything again .	1	ep
The barrier must block the signal .	2	ep
He must have a reason .	1	ep
Must be a real relief to you , though , huh ?	0	ep
They must 've decided I wasn 't suitable .	1	ep
I must 've read it about 1000 times .	1	ep
Must have thought you were fucking around on her .	0	ep
You must 've found something to watch on TV or ...	1	ep
She must have made enough blocks for two of them the first time .	1	ep
I must be out Or I 'd pick up the phone	1	ep
Must 've taken a lot of fertilizer .	0	ep
There must be special grounds for exceptions to this rule .	1	de
She must 've had lots to tell you	1	ep
You must be a bomb- ass lawyer .	1	ep
We must have been the only Irish family in history ... to be saying good- bye to the Statue of Liberty instead of hello .	1	ep
It must be powered from the inside - a field generator .	1	ep
The heating must 've been certainly a little shaky .	2	ep
- Oh , must have been fun .	3	ep
- Oh , you must have .	4	ep
We must instigate a major debate among the citizens of Europe , getting them involved in our debates . My third point concerns participation .	1	de
I must have run 10 miles .	1	ep
Whether it be this issue or the environment or the application of the precautionary principle , we must have the democratic freedom to be able to insist on some minimum standards acceptable to the majority of our citizens .	17	de
You must have noticed .	1	ep
This difficult process must also be given more political support , and it is a pity that business must sacrifice flexibility for the sake of regulation , flexibility being the keyword in the sector .	3	de
I must have wax in my ears .	1	ep
The Union must have its own competence in matters involving economic policy , and it must have a redefined framework for the coordination of national policies , as well as fiscal harmonisation of the budgetary and revenue tools .	15	de
You must have had rather a severe shock tonight .	1	ep
But being a doctor , that must take up a lot of time .	6	ep
I must be a curse .	1	ep
You must be in a hurry to die .	1	ep
We had insisted on the need for decisions to be made quickly , but in every case we must first consult Parliament fully .	18	de
- I must be Iosing my goddamn mind . JACK :	2	ep
You must have failed .	1	ep
We must therefore have cross-border cooperation to prevent the trade from developing .	1	de
The EU must acquire a credible foreign policy . We cannot rely upon the United States forever more .	2	de
Must be the grease on his hands .	0	ep
After his death , you must have been devastated .	5	ep
He seemed better on tv ? Yeah , they must edit the shows down on television	9	ep
Your work is so secret , you must be well- paid .	7	ep
You must know what I do for a livin ' .	1	ep
You must have been busy enough upstairs .	1	ep
The good cause is not served by duplication . The distribution of tasks must be clear .	13	de
You must be hungry , I 'll make you something to eat .	1	ep
You must be going to Fort Worth on a big cattle deal , Mr Jones .	1	ep
I must have good and legal proof that you have confessed to witchcraft .	1	de
He must be asleep by now .	1	ep
Some lovely persons must have been so happy to see you again .	3	ep
It must be the heat .	1	ep
Must get her fingerprints and l . D. number on it .	0	de
I must be a wee bit rusty .	1	ep
I must have those books , Kemp .	1	de
It is late , and you must rest more , sir .	6	de
I really must have a look at this Michael .	2	de
And we must analyse it in depth .	2	ep
Must be a mistake .	0	ep
So , uh , you must know he 's dead ,	5	ep
He 's a big one They must be raising hell in Moscow .	6	ep
And i must be ...	2	ep
Must belong to one of those kids from the Retard Academy .	0	ep
- You must have noticed it too .	2	ep
God , you must be a ball of anxiety right now .	3	ep
Must have a lot going on for all that stuff back there .	0	ep
Must I have a reason for wanting to take a bath ?	0	de
You must think a Iot of that , whatever it is .	1	ep
Independence , unification . " " Mr. McNamara , you must never have read a history book .	10	ep
There must be some Pascal around here .	1	ep
We must have more equality between our ACP partners and our European members and I want to get rid of the " them and us " syndrome .	1	de
In the chaos that must have ensued , I was left behind .	4	ep
You must have a completely different staff now .	1	ep
It must have seemed so new and fresh to you , so exciting , to have your lines read just as you wrote them .	1	ep
I reiterate that the EU must have a consistent approach and should not extradite individuals to countries where they may be at risk of incurring the death penalty .	5	de
How grand it must be to be the Chosen One .	3	ep
No , must be some Turk .	2	ep
- She must have got better .	2	ep
It must be very inspiring .	1	ep
- We must focus on the details - I feed off my emotions .	2	de
Hello ! You must be trying to hide or something .	3	ep
No , must 've been another one just Iike it .	2	ep
- It must be the phone .	2	ep
- This must have been her big break .	2	ep
It must have been something I ate .	1	ep
Wherever you are , John \u2026 You must be laughing your ass off that I 'm actually doing this .	7	ep
You must have been afraid I wouldn 't come back .	1	ep
If we are to succeed , we must have the backing of a broad coalition , under the aegis of the United Nations .	7	de
My group must have more weapons before we can launch an attack .	2	de
Your parents must be happy having you home for the weekend .	2	ep
Actual steps must be taken in order to ensure that this is done .	2	de
You must know a place where there are no crowds ... ... no noise , no hysterical laughter .	1	ep
Really , there must be some mistake .	3	ep
It must be your money .	1	ep
Caught the sniffles ? Yes , I must have .	7	ep
This must be your brain .	1	ep
You must 've hated me .	1	ep
You must have been on autopilot . Autopilot ?	1	ep
Since he made no reference to any statements of fact that we made ... ... we must conclude that he found no errors of fact .	16	ep
You must be Ralph ?	1	ep
I see , you still must be sick	5	ep
You must be Eli and Klitz .	1	ep
He must be ...	1	ep
Uno must be the nice one .	1	ep
It must be your mama 's car .	1	ep
All right , well , you must 've done it wrong , then .	6	ep
She must be on the placebo , then .	1	ep
You must have one idea that would be good for the country .	1	ep
She must be going to Nottingham .	1	ep
We must also accelerate the completion of security programmes relating to checks on hold luggage and ensure that our decisions have been implemented .	1	de
It must have been the village idiot !	1	ep
We must have their support .	1	de
People must try to get away .	1	ep
We must have Rules of Procedure which reflect a positive view of family and children , something not expressed by the present Rules .	1	de
We must not have agencies just so that all the Member States can have their ' baby ' .	1	de
Geez , Buddha must be so annoyed !	3	ep
Hmm . Someone must think his life 's pretty fascinating .	3	ep
We must also prepare a reserve plan to cover the contingency of there being a ' no ' vote in Ireland .	1	de
It must be put on a sound financial footing .	1	de
He must have inherited the cheater gene from bobby .	1	ep
That must please you .	1	ep
It must be about the garden wall .	1	ep
He must 've gone for the knapsack !	1	ep
He must be crazy .	1	ep
Poor Plenty must have stumbled in here looking for you .	2	ep
They must have a sound and responsible administration , staffed by men and women who are trained in Community procedures and in budgetary rules .	1	de
You must have a lot to chat about .	1	ep
- She must be upstairs .	2	ep
You must have been very much in love .	1	ep
I agree with Mr Poettering that Europe must speak with one voice .	7	de
But it 's a fashionable spa . There must be some fashion shows , some trendy clubs , even at our hotel .	8	ep
Must have blacked out , but it 's gotta be true .	0	ep
We must implement a new policy which integrates all European actions .	1	de
We must be on the same wavelength .	1	ep
- No , you must come with us .	4	ep
I must have hit every homeless shelter in town .	1	ep
There must be proper legal protection of foreign investments and investors in Vietnam and the corruption there must be brought to an end .	1	de
He must have got hit just after he came home .	1	ep
We must have the proof .	1	de
You must be insane .	1	ep
You must have made the soup then .	1	ep
The economic policy of the Union must clearly be consistent with the principles of its employment policy and the social agenda .	6	de
They must have a sixth sense .	1	ep
I must be a little confused .	1	ep
- They must be monitoring our frequency .	2	ep
Commissioner , Minister , we must have strict controls in order to guarantee that specified risk materials are separated out throughout the entire animal food chain .	5	de
He must know why I 'm here .	1	ep
It must take a lot of water to swallow that .	1	ep
We must have an early-warning system in place to pinpoint areas of potential disagreement at the earliest possible moment .	1	de
But you must get yourself a proper licence .	2	de
Children who are left alone to flee from war and oppression must receive all the support we can give them .	11	de
You must have a sense of your life .	1	ep
Kill him if you must .	4	de
It must be her day for being unconscious .	1	ep
We must strike a balance . This is necessary if our citizens are to have confidence in European cooperation .	1	de
Clark must not have been able to get to Lex in time to ... to ... stop him .	1	ep
You must have enough letters from him now to start a bonfire .	1	ep
Yes , it must be them .	3	ep
They must be Iousy shots .	1	ep
So you must be going somewhere fancy to celebrate .	2	ep
They must be Czech or Polish for such a line .	1	ep
I must have landed in a loony bin .	1	ep
You must have heard it before .	1	ep
We must improve how the system works .	1	de
I must be getting soft in my old age ...	1	ep
You must have .	1	ep
Darling , you must be tired .	3	ep
They said he must have been drowned , but he was far too good a diver for that .	3	ep
Lestat must have wept when he made you .	1	ep
Apologize to these folks . They must be shocked by your conduct .	6	ep
I must still be a bit barmy , though .	1	ep
Mademoiselle must think she 's too grand to wait on us now .	1	ep
We must bring the new standard into force as soon as possible . It is in our interests to do so , but what we are lacking is commitment on the part of the Americans .	1	de
They must be rich .	1	ep
She must be playing a trick on us then .	1	ep
There must be a hundred head of them !	1	ep
If there is a Lady Litton , there must be a lord .	8	ep
He must be wondering where is his fucking wife .	1	ep
You must be drunk .	1	ep
Somebody must be in good humour .	1	ep
That must have been nice .	1	ep
But then I must have had a dizzy speII and fainted .	3	ep
It must be boring , too , all those laws , triangles , and no house spirits , and no God , that 's for certain .	1	ep
They must be negotiating .	1	ep
If you want to get these books , you must have a special key	9	de
Must be my lucky shades .	0	ep
We must have this .	1	de
But you must agree who our leader is !	2	ep
Must not have had any breakfast .	0	ep
He must have come for my help .	1	ep
We must use a proper map , a genuine maritime-style map .	1	de
They must have learned this from long hours of meaningless , inhuman work ... to set their minds free so quickly . It gives them great energy .	1	ep
Densmore must be feeling horny tonight .	1	ep
- Must have been a beautiful place .	1	ep
The people there must be over generous in their giving .	3	ep
He must have thought she died to atone for the sins he had committed .	1	ep
We must have time and the proper analysis of how the process has been functioning .	1	de
That must make you feel bad , having people argue with you .	1	ep
- He must have gone for a walk .	2	ep
We must find another brain .	1	de
You must 've had wonderful times together .	1	ep
The situation regarding competition in the fixed networks must also be radically improved .	8	de
You must be joking !	1	ep
Bunch . Must be half a dozen new- meat .	2	ep
- That must 've been nice .	2	ep
- That must be 10 miles from here .	2	ep
The Sheriff must be stepping up his plans .	2	ep
We must have similar access to other working parties ' working documents and minutes , and we must have access immediately so that we can follow developments before the laws are adopted .	17	de
Must be hard work	0	de
We must also have instruments of political cooperation .	1	de
- Must 've hit a branch .	1	ep
If you must know , we had a fight .	2	de
I don 't know . I must have lost my punch .	6	ep
You must have looked cute in blue .	1	ep
Customers who must have money .	2	de
She must be using those connections to infiltrate the rest of the station .	1	ep
You must be in on this .	1	ep
- I must be going senile .	2	ep
Everybody knows a song . You ? You must know a beautiful one .	8	ep
He must have time to readjust .	1	de
- That must be the best . Don" t you think ?	2	ep
We must find an outsider .	1	de
I must have sweated in bed .	1	ep
Tyler must be ceiling .	1	ep
In the face of third parties , common tariffs must be matched with common customs .	9	de
Of course , you must be fond of swimming .	4	ep
I must have tuberculosis .	1	ep
There must also be cultural autonomy for Tibet .	1	de
You must still be in pain . No .	1	ep
Must have a law against ugly women . How you doing ?	0	ep
- No , it must be one of my competitors ' ...	4	ep
You must 've exhausted all your options to find Gredenko .	1	ep
He 's making out early these days , must be a morning man .	8	ep
We must now have the last question to the President-in-Office of the Council , because he must leave at 7 p.m. on the dot to catch his flight .	16	de
And you must be Djaq , the Saracen .	2	ep
She must be very happy with you .	1	ep
- She must be eating out .	2	ep
We must take immediate , concerted action to support the victims .	1	de
Secondly , the criteria must be clear .	4	de
This is , in my view , a clear and transparent stance , which we must sustain at all costs .	15	de
I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things .	1	de
Cracked my head on the road pretty good ... ... when my bike went down . I must have been out for a while .	17	ep
That 's enough . He must have had huge hands . - No , no .	5	ep
Our little Billy must already be searching for that next special lady .	3	ep
We must have the resources , knowledge and personnel to react quickly .	1	de
Count Bezukhov must be in a really bad state .	2	ep
Yours . They must be good .	3	ep
We must take a different approach , where the public services are provided by public companies and monitored by the citizens .	1	de
- But there must be something we could do .	3	ep
I guess the speeches must be pretty important .	4	ep
Europe must have prisons that are fit for human beings .	1	de
It must have been terrible to be helpless in a foreign land .	1	ep
We must have an agreement .	1	de
We must , therefore , have an information policy that provides the Iraqi people with knowledge , so that this regime can finally be overthrown .	1	de
Now that we know that the Stargate is a transportation device , they must be coming through that .	13	ep
This is a fight which must engage us all and which must be able , specifically , to count on the participation of the European Parliament in defining the strategies to adopt and the priorities to set .	11	de
You must have one idea for the good of the country .	1	ep
- The Dutchman must have a captain .	3	de
Oh , there must be a mistake . . .	3	ep
The Socrates Programme must be managed efficiently , and this also includes coordination with other European programmes .	3	de
Your name must be in your purse .	2	ep
It must be something	1	ep
You must know how sad I am to experience this long separation .	1	ep
We must have a majority of two thirds of the Member States , even if that means providing at the same time for a simple majority of Member States representing a majority of the total EU population .	1	de
You must be feeling better , darling .	1	ep
We must have a system for registering cattle and a control system which ensures that the legislation is complied with .	1	de
Look ... ... we must 've had ... ... 50 , 60 volunteers ... ... poking and digging through here ... ... trying to find that knife .	4	ep
You must have contacts ... ... in the Jewish business community working here .	1	ep
He must have written them himself , It 's all upside down .	1	ep
You must have noticed many differences between a man like yourself , Mr. Osborne , and a man like me .	1	ep
To avoid deliberately upsetting nature , we must draft effective climate policy .	7	de
You and this stranger must have talked .	4	ep
You must know someone .	1	ep
He must have followed me to the club and seen you .	1	ep
- You must need a hand .	2	de
In the few years I have left , I must have truth .	9	de
Yes . It must have dropped out of my bag .	3	ep
Someone must 've seen us together and gave us away .	1	ep
You must still feel it spinning .	1	ep
There must be a pig with him .	1	ep
Well, I must 've called 20 times .	2	ep
Come on , I 'm sure people must trash me when I 'm not around .	7	ep
You must be Keaton .	1	ep
You must really see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow , huh ?	1	ep
I must 've won about $40 .	1	ep
I think they must have got together almost from the first moment they met .	3	ep
Still , it must be hard to forget the way things were .	3	ep
I understand how difficult this must be for you , but for John 's sake ,	5	ep
- Yes , there must be .	4	ep
I must be left alone . It 's vital .	1	de
- You must have done something wonderful .	2	ep
Must 've been a nightmare .	0	ep
Well , you 're here so you must want my honest opinion .	7	ep
Must 've been a goddamn zoo here before the war .	0	ep
It must be nibbles . That 's why they ...	1	ep
There must be some kind of device .	1	ep
Someone grabbed their chest . Must 've seen the bill .	5	ep
Oh , it must have been the wind .	3	ep
It must have been hard for you to go back .	1	ep
These are shortcomings that must be reviewed as a matter of priority .	4	de
I been shot in the exact same spot before , must 've been only scar tissue came out .	10	ep
We must find a doctor . The death certificate must be signed .	1	de
Must be a model or actress .	0	ep
She must 've been a wonderful person .	1	ep
This is New York . There must be 20, 000 churches .	6	ep
We must thank you to , so ... how do you want to end your life , you get the birdflu .	1	ep
- They must be .	2	ep
You must have a tremendous amount of respect for him .	1	ep
This must naturally lead to a reformulation of development goals and strategies , together with a transformation of institutions and processes so that both women ' s and men ' s priorities and needs are better reflected .	1	de
- Must be kind of bad for your health .	1	ep
I must have help	1	de
I think this must be the Statue of Liberty	3	ep
I 've tried to imagine you and even your crimes ... ... and how you must have felt in those moments that you did them .	15	ep
That is why agreements must be made globally , preferably in the context of the World Trade Organisation .	4	de
Must be some misunderstanding .	0	ep
That smell must 've got to me .	2	ep
Yeah , must be .	2	ep
I must have gotten off the main road .	1	ep
He must be nuts .	1	ep
We must introduce a global dimension , a clear statement must be issued by the OIE and there must be effective monitoring of imports , including at airports .	18	de
I 'm sure there must be a good reason for our suffering .	4	ep
Although we are taking the new Member States into full consideration , the regions in the current Member States needing special support must also be included in any new plans .	22	de
I told him you must have been following Webster ,	4	ep
They must look the same on weekdays .	1	ep
In connection with the Macedonian peace proposal , the Macedonian parliament must hold a debate as a matter of urgency .	11	de
And the humiliation ... the fucking humiliation he must have felt .	8	ep
You gave me a juice maker for " Queens Boulevard . " We must be moving up .	13	ep
The UN needs to be reformed , and we must get a broad discussion under way about what international law really entails and about how it might be able to protect people in future .	9	de
Well , if they even exist , they must be quite elusive .	8	ep
That must be why Hult called .	1	ep
Must 've been something he ate .	0	ep
Then you must know , sir , that --	2	ep
- Yes . You must feel a bit disorientated .	4	ep
I must have my coat on .	1	de
I must have gotten off the road , the main road . I 'm on my way to Frascati .	1	ep
He must have stalled .	1	ep
To this we must now add resolve .	3	de
We must have been out of our heads by the time she showed up .	1	ep
But you must have been lonely .	2	ep
I swear there was someone in my apartment . you must have left your door unlocked .	10	ep
They must have had it at home , under the mattress .	1	ep
We must find shelter .	1	de
We must be moving up .	1	ep
You two must have had a lot to talk about .	2	ep
Your mom must have moved .	2	ep
After tonight 's pretty exertions on the stage . . . . . . you must be in need of refreshment .	15	ep
Must be the monkeys ' night out .	0	ep
You must be hungry .	1	ep
They must have robbed 50 banks together .	1	ep
You must be psyched to be done with college .	1	ep
You must be Mark .	1	ep
It tells us that we must populate Europe because Europe has a population deficit .	5	de
You must 've done something .	1	ep
There must be a couple of million people behind us in the hills , - - waiting to find out whether they can go home again .	1	ep
But I don 't know how to clean this ... ... and , obviously , you must know how to .	16	ep
You must stink by now .	1	ep
She must have shown you quite a time .	1	ep
The application and control of Community legislation is also important . The Member States must cooperate in this application .	14	de
He must be from the motor club .	1	ep
- Proctor , the village must have proof .	5	de
Must be some close friends .	0	ep
We must have adequate education , monitoring and research .	1	de
You must be giving private lessons .	1	ep
- He must know what he 's doing .	2	ep
He must really be bored .	1	ep
Can you appreciate what it must have been like to be there as a baby ? .	5	ep
I must be .	1	ep
We must have intelligent sanctions .	1	de
Must have arthritis .	0	ep
Looks like they must have gone on foot from here .	3	ep
- You must be very proud of him . - I am .	2	ep
- Yes , it must be that ...	4	ep
If you 've put yourself forward this way ... ... you must know how to fight	11	ep
He must have known how ill he was .	1	ep
We must have allies .	1	de
- My uncle must have signed it .	3	ep
She must be nervous about something .	1	ep
Must be happy hour .	0	ep
My group is deeply worried that corruption remains widespread and that much work must be done to implement the acquis in justice and home affairs .	13	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	23	de
- I want one with her , please . I must .	10	de
Must 've been the chipped beef .	0	ep
You must have seen some things .	1	ep
I must look like you now .	1	ep
Yeah , well , I must 've had another son ... who stole a car when he was ten years old .	5	ep
You must think that the whole world is queer .	1	ep
Well , you must have known Frank .	3	ep
You must have heard of the 4th Amendment !	1	ep
There must be strong , independent and open public research in the field so that there is also research into areas which are not of immediate commercial interest and into the problems and risks posed by the technology .	1	de
You must be an honest cop , Martin Riggs .	1	ep
However , before taking any legislative measures , we must identify the reasons why the food chain has been downgraded and adulterated .	9	de
She must be home by now .	1	ep
You must really think I 'm stupid .	1	ep
Must 've been crazy around the SGC when it showed up .	0	ep
We must bypass nothing at all !	1	de
Must have been hard watching Santen go like that .	0	ep
These other ones must not be fuIl- grown .	3	ep
That bastard must come back for her .	2	ep
I 'm sorry , i must have forgot .	5	ep
Must be some girl .	0	ep
Look where we are , he must be used to going to Baghdad !	6	ep
Men must just be line up to be with the gal like you	1	ep
Must be a big job you 've got .	0	ep
A common approach must be adopted to address these problems . In its Helsinki report , the Commission clearly signalled that it cannot solve all these problems by its own efforts alone .	3	de
Must be shopping .	0	ep
It must 've cost you .	1	ep
You must have got it .	1	ep
They must be evacuating .	1	ep
They must have gone to the bottom and drifted .	1	ep
But then I must have had a dizzy spell and fainted .	3	ep
They must have hanged him by now .	1	ep
Surely she must be adopted , and could this party get any worse ?	2	de
Must be hungry . Eat up .	0	ep
- It must be four years .	2	ep
According to Tom , she 's a pretty determined woman . She must 've thought it was worth it .	12	ep
You must have a list to lodge a complaint .	1	de
We must not exceed a 3 % solution .	1	de
She must be --	1	ep
Then you must be an astronaut .	2	ep
I must have quiet now .	1	de
I must 've Ieft some incense burning .	1	ep
This must be my lucky night .	1	ep
They must have been taken from medieval Europe ...	1	ep
There must be a lower back injury as well .	1	ep
It must be really terrible for you to be trapped on this island .	1	ep
- You must think me a madman .	2	ep
Must be one of them Jap joints where we gotta take off our shoes .	0	ep
That must be our fate .	1	ep
As you must be well aware , even the Yagyu clan fear these Escorts , the three Hidari brothers , Benma , Tenma and Kuruma .	2	ep
I must get my purse !	1	de
- Must 've been somebody else .	1	ep
You believe that , you must believe in the tooth fair .	5	ep
Dad must have told you .	1	ep
We need clear criteria for the awarding of subsidies to organisations and projects , and these must be clearly publicised , so that the applicants know where they stand .	16	de
It must be an important message from Sparta .	1	ep
In fact , we must make further efforts to ensure that the programme can be a real option for everyone and indeed , why should it not become a normal part of university education in Europe ?	4	de
Guess you must like watchin ' people be sick .	2	ep
More humanitarian aid must be delivered .	3	de
There must be a place here .	1	ep
She must have other sources of income .	1	ep
Women must be running after you in flocks .	1	ep
We must have air that we can breathe , that 's not full of toxic chemicals and metals .	1	de
Darling , we must get him his own credit card .	3	de
Secondly , we must continue to exert pressure on the Taliban regime so that it ceases its systematic crimes against human rights .	3	de
Allan A Dale ! And you must be Djaq , the Saracen .	6	ep
There are a whole range of activities connected to the tobacco industry , which we must protect at all costs .	15	de
He must be right .	1	ep
But their leader Saladin He must be a terrible demon ?	5	ep
He must have spilled some in the book .	1	ep
You must have an idea .	1	ep
This is why more women must be involved in negotiations , in prevention operations , in management ...	5	de
They must be snogging .	1	ep
We must create joint , interregional and transnational management bodies , in which all local and regional authorities , as well as economic and social operators , play an active role .	1	de
Controls must be tightened up , and the ultimate use to which exported arms are put must be strictly monitored In a word , the trade in death must stop .	16	de
You must be outta your mind !	1	ep
I must have put it down when I was putting the thing back on .	1	ep
Firstly , we must have a detailed survey on the international mobility of students , since none exists at the moment .	3	de
Saunders must have the low- down on this .	1	ep
All right , if you must know , I had a traumatic ... ... swing incident when I was little .	5	de
Yeah , well , I must 've had another son ... ... who stole a car when he was 10 years old .	5	ep
I must be the only woman who was proposed to while peeling fruit .	1	ep
The press must be having a ball over there , huh ?	2	ep
Then you must hate me to be 40 minutes late	2	ep
Other elements must be added to them however .	2	de
Delia , you must be tired .	3	ep
They must have been very afraid of him .	1	ep
These must be the soldiers captured from Modibo 's village .	1	ep
We must also have a proper evaluation of the year in clear and simple language , and in accessible formats .	1	de
I must have got it wrong .	1	ep
He must be clinging to the buoy .	1	ep
I fully agree that we must have predictable accepted methodologies so that anybody can assess how we have come to these conclusions .	5	de
Someone must 've abandoned it here , knowing you 'd come after it .	1	ep
Guess this must be my stop .	2	ep
The Quality Woman must have grace , elegance and pizzazz .	3	de
Yeah , I must be getting old .	3	ep
This is certainly a major challenge - a challenge for the Europe of culture and values - which we cannot afford not to take up and in which we must succeed .	29	de
This Dallas boy must be good for you .	3	ep
He must be laughing now .	1	ep
Sorry . I must 've made a mistake .	3	ep
God must be a painter .	1	ep
An extra effort must therefore be made to ensure that it is the job and the responsibilities , and not the individual ' s gender , which decide how much he or she is paid .	3	de
I must try to remember .	1	ep
He must have missed somebody .	1	ep
More importantly , however , we must make firm proposals that seek to put an end to these despicable acts .	6	de
They must want us to come in .	1	ep
' Cause he must have left his IQ in the car .	3	ep
It must be snowing already back home .	1	ep
He must be a friend !	1	ep
There must be a safe way .	1	ep
The EU must acquire a common constitution .	2	de
You must be her ghost or her spectrum	1	ep
The kids must be having some kind of fun over there .	2	ep
You must have picked up a message from the last loop and stacked the poker deck without realising .	1	ep
In order to exert maximum influence , coordination must take place with the United States on as many aspects as possible .	8	de
We must take account of other indicators that are just as relevant and quantifiable , such as accessibility , public infrastructures and employment rates .	1	de
We must introduce an integrated policy through genuine cooperation at international level , whilst striving hard not to give in to a lax attitude , which would have a detrimental effect on our work .	1	de
I can 't face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	11	de
- They must be worth hundred !	2	ep
I drank so much , I must have blacked out .	6	ep
It must be the island .	1	ep
We must never forget the prophecy of our people .	1	ep
- You must be catching something .	2	ep
Mr. Gray must want to get one into the Boston drinking supply .	2	ep
That must have a radio , right ?	1	ep
We must have time to discover how we are to resolve this matter .	1	de
The Council and these three proposals must therefore be supported .	6	de
- Yeah ... he must work out .	4	ep
- He must have been given leave .	2	ep
They must 've spotted you .	1	ep
I must get some air .	1	de
Must 've been a line surge .	0	ep
Auntie Em must have stopped wondering what happened to me by now .	2	ep
Your room must have a nice view .	2	ep
You must have been something before electricity , huh ?	1	ep
This queen , whoever she is , must be in league with Anubis .	7	ep
- He must have run out of fuel .	2	ep
I must have misunderstood .	1	ep
Must belong to the homie with the blue hat .	0	ep
You must be Annie Oakley .	1	ep
He 's the key . Bynarr may not have knowingly helped Jolinar , ... .. but I 'm sure he must know how she escaped .	20	ep
Whoever takes the sword , must eat the soup till they stink .	5	ep
Certainly you must have heard that .	2	ep
If you must know , he 's out working an IBM machine in a primo brokerage house .	2	de
On culture - less than 0.5 % of total expenditure - we must have an effective procedure for the A-30 lines .	12	de
Must be recent .	0	ep
I must have money to pay for it .	1	de
You must have done so much running .	1	ep
- You must think I was born yesterday .	2	ep
- You must miss it .	2	ep
Those procedures must therefore be changed in one way or another , in spite of all the mediation that has taken place in the meantime .	2	de
We must have more PCs at school per student .	1	de
Well , I think we must agree our findings are not inconsistent ... .. with an exacerbation of the median nerve and lumbar plexus .	5	ep
Romania must not be afraid of the Hungarians .	1	de
You must be mad !	1	ep
There must be people nearby .	1	ep
Edna must 've called me 15 times at the office by now .	1	ep
That must be a woman 's fate .	1	ep
We must have a referendum .	1	de
You must have your own plane too . It 's fun , ain 't it ?	1	ep
That 's the kind of daughter every mother must dream of .	8	ep
They must get 50 crisis calls a minute .	1	ep
This all must be pretty overwhelming , huh ?	2	ep
Must be randy as hell to come out in this shit .	0	ep
You must get new boots . COSMO :	1	de
- It must really blow being you .	2	ep
Wow . You guys must have had really cute kids .	4	ep
Look , I must have been in every singles frenchman 's fucking house in this area , there must be about 200 , so what ? ... Have they colonized the island or what ?	3	ep
Oh , you must not have done a very good job .	3	ep
I must be in the wrong place .	1	ep
Furlong must have sent it up to the university .	1	ep
Though you must have some good qualities . You think so ?	2	ep
You must be a farmer .	1	ep
Toramatsu , you must have been starving .	3	ep
As the rapporteur says , the Commission must present rapid proposals for the safety of services .	7	de
He must have told you .	1	ep
Our citizens must receive sufficient training and so achieve good skills .	2	de
There must be a bilateral solution , urgently required , supported by the new Dublin II but reached through pragmatic bilateral agreement .	1	de
- That must be 10 miles from here . - Fifteen .	2	ep
I 'm sure there must be some way that I can help you to stay .	4	ep
You must know my friend Pedro Morales Magonzales Marato Molaso Mondustos .	1	ep
The lady 's lost the plot . It must be the era - " Stone Age . "	8	ep
And so that person must not mean very much to you .	4	ep
- That must be very interesting .	2	ep
There must be standardised rules across Europe to allow victims of the traffic in human beings and domestic slavery to escape their persecutors .	1	de
You must 've heard .	1	ep
You must have some idea ?	1	ep
This means that we must stand united .	4	de
Must mean hello .	0	ep
You must bring all your first dates here, huh ?	1	ep
Oh . I must 've gotten the accent wrong .	3	ep
Easy to see there 's nothing on your mind . Oops . That must have been Junior .	13	ep
You 've got guts . You must have been a good soldier .	6	ep
You must be going to make a point about that .	1	ep
We must have an adequate fishing industry .	1	de
- Oh , he must have .	4	ep
You must be too .	1	ep
Must be why Shaun took us here before he left .	0	ep
I kept talking to her . I was afraid to let her out of my sight . Who ever it was , he must 've backed off .	23	ep
There must be more investment in clean sources of energy and energy saving and that must also manifest itself in the budget .	1	de
Fred Carson must be keeping banking hours .	2	ep
I also wish to say that there must be solid grounds for bans within the single market .	7	de
How grand it must be to be the Chosen one .	3	ep
Must be the spring .	0	ep
You don 't understand , if I ask him , he must say no !	11	ep
- You must be the lawyer . - I 'm Rudy Baylor .	2	ep
You must be glad to be going home .	1	ep
I can 't imagine what it must feel like to have what you want so close and it might aswell be a million miles away .	6	ep
He must have improved and gone .	1	ep
It must have broken .	1	ep
I remember moments , when everybody around is cheerful , it suddenly strikes me that I 'm sick of it all , and all must die .	24	ep
We must strive for a policy which can meet quite a few different objectives at the same time . We must weigh immediate needs against the long-term consequences of decisions and their impact outside the EU .	1	de
- Yes , you must have .	4	ep
You must get new boots .	1	de
I must 've been only half- conscious ... ... but I know that he tore my panties off and did what he wanted .	1	ep
We are all pretty excited around here , and we are sure you must be feeling the same .	13	ep
So you must be the new girl he 's hired .	2	ep
You must wonder why this frame is empty ?	1	ep
And push we must .	3	de
He must have screwed up a few times . There was multiples .	1	ep
You must be a very important man .	1	ep
No , wait a minute . That frame of hers - she must be wearing you out .	12	ep
Must have been the cat .	0	ep
You must have dozed off .	1	ep
You must have left your door unlocked .	1	ep
We must build upon a clear division of power in which political responsibility can be insisted upon .	1	de
Santa must 've come early this year ... because you were first on my Christmas list .	1	ep
Oh , sorry . My driver must 've forgotten to move it .	6	ep
You must be rich throwing your money about like that .	1	ep
Must be 5000 lawmen in Texas right now .	0	ep
I am in favour of this report but I do not agree with its hypocrisy . We must be more courageous !	17	de
And the rest of you must be their ...	5	ep
Then it must be true .	2	ep
This must be a great relief , Kayo .	1	ep
Mike must 've thought I was an imbecile to do it the way he did .	1	ep
I will get you anything you want , but I must have that key .	10	de
Looks like it must have been a nursery room .	3	ep
Someone must have slandered me Or bewitched His Majesty .	1	ep
We must be the good guys , huh ?	1	ep
It must not have taken .	1	ep
My Lady must be joking .	2	ep
Oh , must have cut myself in the crash .	2	ep
I must be getting old .	1	ep
It seemed like just a few seconds , but it must 've been longer .	10	ep
It must be too late already .	1	ep
I don 't know , I must have left it in the ...	6	ep
I must 've got on the wrong yacht .	1	ep
They must have seen our heat signature as we passed through the atmosphere .	1	ep
In other words , they must not necessarily be changed each year .	5	de
Someone must have hit me .	1	ep
Must be losing your touch .	0	ep
I must have the wrong room .	1	ep
We do not want to hear once again , Mr President , that Europe must have a foreign policy .	14	de
They must have camels or something to keep up .	1	ep
It must be in very bad shape .	1	ep
Must have been the heat , the trip , everything .	0	ep
Firstly , because the European Commission had the courage to tackle head on a considerable and practical problem which , whether you like it or not , must be resolved .	27	de
More importantly , we must learn from this latest experience .	4	de
- It must have been a dog .	2	ep
Of course you must come , you must .	7	ep
If you raced here to see me , it must mean the " I love Lois " show was preempted this week .	9	ep
- You must be ...	2	ep
They must have been friends .	1	ep
We must have good coordination between the assistance agreement , which has recently been debated here in the Chamber , and the rules concerning money laundering .	1	de
The Council must certainly be made aware of this .	2	de
We must .	1	ep
We must know .	1	de
It must be beautiful there .	1	ep
" They must believe that freedom is beyond price " , wrote down the Commander .	2	ep
Mom must have some photos of the head priest with an altar boy for them ... ... to even be considering lgby .	1	ep
To make noodles this smooth , they must do an extra rolling .	7	ep
We therefore move the inadmissibility of this report which , in addition to having a dubious legal basis , was not properly prepared and does not enjoy the broad consensus which Europe must have .	32	de
He must really respect you .	1	ep
Every mind must have some counsellor to whom it may apply for consolation in distress .	2	de
I must have been off sneaking a smoke , washing my hands or something .	1	ep
It must 've gotten damaged during the rock storm .	1	ep
Tell me , Michael , I 'm interested to know ... ... coming from a foreign culture ... ... you must have a different perspective on all these killings .	20	ep
You must get some new vests .	1	de
The production of energy and the cultivation of energy crops offer an alternative income-generation opportunity for our farmers in Europe , which must be exploited .	22	de
This must be explained .	1	de
These people must be watching us .	2	ep
You must 've hurt yourself pretty bad .	1	ep
A group must have a leader .	2	de
In order to promote the use of biofuels , a tax incentive must be introduced .	12	de
You must have known what was waiting .	1	ep
But you must know that .	2	ep
I believe the first thing you must do is determine whether or not	6	ep
- I must have more scars than you now .	2	ep
To do that we need very clear and detailed rules , but there must be a level playing field across Europe , and in this case that means a harmonised and more effective method of testing .	13	de
To do this , we must have our own bases , our own leaders , our own communities .	5	de
I must take the tablet with me at the same time .	1	de
I must have hit a nerve with one of those articles in there .	1	ep
Must have stayed home .	0	ep
First of all , there must be a balance between social and economic considerations .	5	de
Must have been a nervous day .	0	ep
Must 've got a call on the car and think it 's us .	0	ep
Hanièka must have told you that I want to ask for her hand .	1	ep
Revenge is a must .	3	ep
It is our view that the IGC must succeed , that it is absolutely crucial that it succeeds , but not at any price .	7	de
- Tanner must have gotten to him first .	2	ep
He must have had it in his mouth .	1	ep
Yes , he must have stowed away on the flight .	3	ep
We must take her alive .	1	de
They must 've left 15 minutes before me .	1	ep
You must be going mad .	1	ep
It must have been .	1	ep
He must be in the Russian Mafia .	1	ep
You must not win the race the first time around .	1	de
Must have borrowed it .	0	ep
I must be a little too sensitive .	1	ep
Must be hard for the family , being on strike .	0	ep
You said she must have looked like heaven 's youngest angel , remember ?	3	ep
That machine doesn 't lie . Then it must be broken because I 've told you everything I know .	8	ep
This poor but proud act of yours must work .	7	ep
So this means that there must be a response , and a change of course , from the Heads of State and Government too .	5	de
You must have known he felt the same way about you .	1	ep
She must have hit her head on a rock or something .	1	ep
Oh , I tried calling you , but your phone must be turned off for the test .	10	ep
There must be a European-wide political agreement concerning the framework decision on the identification , seizure and confiscation of products of crime .	1	de
- This thing must haul major ass .	3	ep
As it was lying beside the whisky bottle in George 's dressing room , she must have sent it to him .	15	ep
This must be Mrs. Marquand .	1	ep
A magazine must have ... .. blood and brains and pizzazz .	2	de
I must have blocked it out .	1	ep
We must have a second UN resolution , we must have a clear timetable in order to say inspectors can go on for so long but no further .	9	de
Must be some kind of holiday .	0	ep
You must be doing the dope . Bring this down .	1	ep
Mr President , the Honourable Member must understand that it is impossible for me to answer such detailed questions .	6	ep
Everyone must do his bit	1	de
I mean , I 've been praying , but I must not be praying right .	10	ep
- Well , I 'm sure he must need a lawyer .	7	ep
Whoopi must need a joke .	1	ep
It must be two weeks .	1	ep
I must ask you for the key and the recall code .	1	de
Mr President , given the economic and geopolitical importance of Russia , the European Union believes it must seek a common strategy on the subject .	17	de
I must have looked pretty unconvincing .	1	ep
A god must have a high priest , must he not ?	2	de
Mr President , there must be a common and effective EU contribution to the success of the UN World Conference Against Racism next year and its European preparatory conference next month .	4	de
Political dialogue must be structured and take the form of regular consultations .	2	de
Must have been all that running you did this afternoon .	0	ep
- Where 's my honey ? - I know this all must sound horrid .	11	ep
I must have another .	1	de
- You must have had too much supper .	2	ep
We must without doubt take up the challenges laid down in this report , but must also institute a genuine Community policy on conservation and sustainable management .	15	de
There must be labelling and transparency .	1	de
We must ensure support for these languages by making use of the possibilities provided by the existing programmes .	1	de
- There is one in the town center . ... but it must be closed at this hour .	12	ep
It must be important .	1	ep
We must have a single start date .	1	de
People must confuse you with the scientist .	1	ep
Your mom must be shoppin ' .	2	ep
- She must have overcome the problem .	2	ep
That must 've been ...	1	ep
Somebody must miss you in your world .	1	ep
Way y 'aII act , y 'aII must think I 'm the maid .	7	ep
He must be very sad ... and perhaps lost .	1	ep
In the final analysis , we must have a decision , within Europe , on the real nature of our Treaties .	6	de
There must be adequate time for a full study . . . . . . before any thought can be given to making a public announcement .	1	de
Grandpa must be happy .	1	ep
I guess this must seem pretty pathetic to a guy like you .	3	ep
I must be a fool .	1	ep
The Dutchman must have a captain .	2	de
And the humiliation ... ... the fucking humiliation he must have felt .	9	ep
Current programmes must be accelerated .	2	de
I share his opinion but , given the cross-border nature of the problem , the response must be at Union level .	16	de
- Must 've fell in , man .	1	ep
Foon , it must be the Shaho Gang .	3	ep
European politics , military and civilian action must be coordinated effectively . This is another expectation which the world has of us , and rightly so .	7	de
You must be wondering why I summoned you here tonight .	1	ep
Must 've got the wrong impression . OK .	0	ep
I know I must have believed that ... ... when I said it , but ... ... doesn 't Lucky Chucky want to come out ?	3	ep
Thou must do better than that .	1	ep
However , measures must also be taken to avoid the obvious danger of information poverty .	3	de
Must have landed in the jungle when the hatch exploded .	0	ep
You must have made her awfully happy up there , mister .	1	ep
The European Union must not set up an organisation in parallel with NATO .	3	de
We must have the framework first and then look at how it is best implemented and whether such harmonisation is appropriate .	1	de
- Beck must have bought it ...	2	ep
- You must work out aII the time .	2	ep
I must have been inside tryin ' to get that piece of junk shakin ' .	1	ep
Must be their HaIloween .	0	ep
We must also have joint travel advice because there certainly is something the matter .	1	de
Really , Henry , if you cannot see how impossible this whole project is ... ... then you must be potty about her .	18	ep
All this questioning must bore Rafael .	3	ep
They must 've gone back to their boat .	1	ep
He must have a compass with him .	1	ep
It must have been fear more than anything else .	1	ep
We must have close to a thousand casualties up to now .	1	ep
They must have thought , " This is a young boy . "	1	ep
But you must be .	2	ep
She must have been no older than 14 , and I just remember losing my balance and then I got up and my cock was just banging against her face .	1	ep
You must have been in a hurry , because your socks don 't match .	1	ep
There must therefore , of course , be better coordination , and I am able to welcome the initiatives the Commission is working on in this area .	1	de
It must be really nice .	1	ep
It must run in the family .	1	ep
You must be nervous to have such a great guy with you	1	ep
I must have made 20 drops in Nam , sir .	1	ep
Someone must have taken it .	1	ep
There must be a code .	1	ep
You must be the one they locked up .	1	ep
It must be hard for you to be alone .	1	ep
My little pep talk must 've inspired you guys .	4	ep
We must get hold of it .	1	de
I must have read ... ... several thousand pages .	1	ep
- Yes , but you must have help because ...	5	de
She must be so happy she must be hysterical .	6	ep
- The checks must 've gotten mixed up .	3	ep
He must 've known how ill he was .	1	ep
Sure , he must .	3	ep
Oops . That must have been Junior .	3	ep
However , amendments have been proposed which seek to extend the Commission proposal even further . For example , the definition of public authorities must include agencies and legal persons acting on behalf of the public authorities .	24	de
It must be " Take a Worm for a Walk " week .	1	ep
The jump must 've triggered a surge that overloaded the control systems .	2	ep
We must obtain relevant and reliable information which can be compared .	1	de
Well , the Church must have sons and daughters , you know , if she is to flourish .	4	de
I said it wasn 't bad , but I must consider it .	9	de
He must have slipped off somewhere .	1	ep
You must be afraid I 'll go out a loser , Bell .	1	ep
It must be Gerard .	1	ep
You must 've stared planning your wedding already .	1	ep
That must 've been hard ... on both of you ... you and your wife .	1	ep
This must go somewhere inside .	1	ep
These knives must weigh a pound apiece .	2	ep
We must have a policy that is able to accommodate the different levels of economic development and of commitment to our value system .	1	de
He must have been in a big hurry , huh ?	1	ep
She must want it pretty bad .	1	de
Must have carried me two miles downstream , but I got across .	0	ep
We must now gather support from the international community for those measures .	1	de
And in the knowledge that 314 votes must be attained , you should have acted more wisely .	7	de
Or if there is ... well then , it must be a ghost ...	9	ep
It was really weird , something must have been wrong with the alley .	6	ep
Can 't give up . Must continue fighting evil corporation .	5	ep
Someone must want their money .	1	ep
There must be a genuine rethink of transport policy at European level .	1	de
Particular attention must be paid to women who find it harder to achieve equality of opportunity , such as women with disabilities , immigrants and heads of families .	2	de
Why must it take so long ?	1	de
You must 've been asked often .	1	ep
You must have missed some of my articles .	1	ep
We must have proper democratic control .	1	de
- You must think me a perfect fool .	2	ep
That it must be some drunken passer- by and that I will be glad when they take the body away .	2	ep
They must keep copies of the bills .	1	ep
It ; s dawn now and they must ; ve photographed me a thousand times .	7	ep
There must be adequate time for a full study ... ... before any thought can be given to making a public announcement .	1	de
Must mean some of the rebels have reached London .	0	ep
We must show solidarity with future generations .	1	de
It was a tough day for me , but it must 've been worse for you .	10	ep
If we are to continue , we must find a station .	7	de
Somebody must have thought you 'd make a good officer .	1	ep
A safeguard clause must therefore be included .	3	de
That 's amazing , the way that you push those things up there , that ... It must take a great deal of patience .	17	ep
I suppose our lives must seem easy to you .	4	ep
You must be tired , it was a long journey , Sleep tight	1	ep
- She must be drunk .	2	ep
He must have pissed off a customer .	1	ep
I think that 's when I must have lost the earring .	6	ep
If the objective of reducing the fishing fleet is successfully to be achieved , policy must be radically revised .	15	de
The European fisheries policy must be brought much more closely in line with European development policy .	4	de
It must need its own atmosphere to live .	1	ep
We must deal with this report with enthusiasm and not become discouraged , because the positions seem so opposed that an agreement appears impossible .	1	de
We must have effective administration and make sure that people regain their confidence in the European Union .	1	de
Must be really expensive	0	ep
He must 've been drunk .	1	ep
" Debra , take a look at all these lonely cats ... " What a wonderful man he must have been .	18	ep
A framework directive on postal services in Europe must therefore be drawn up as quickly as possible , since the Nice Summit gave the " green light " to this project .	8	de
I must 've passed out .	1	ep
I think that Louis had another heart attack . ... and he must have fallen overboard ...	12	ep
- It must be the firewater .	2	ep
You must not like sex very much .	1	ep
You must think I 'm an awful pest .	1	ep
I must be getting soft in the head , huh ?	1	ep
Insupportable debts must be substantially lowered , and the Debt Repayment Fund must be adequate for this .	12	de
Must 've been the turbulence .	0	ep
It must be my destiny to close all General Motors plants .	1	ep
- I must have fallen asleep .	2	ep
- I did . They must 've been hiding .	5	ep
Every king must have a queen .	2	de
You must have smoked some bad granola .	1	ep
- Must run in the family . - What does ?	1	ep
We must therefore find a political solution .	1	de
There must be guidelines regarding ingredients .	1	de
As you must already know , Parliament , together with the Commission , will make up the delegation from the Community , which has observer status with the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs .	2	ep
I must have lost my head for a moment .	1	ep
It must just burn you up that a boy like me saved your life , huh ?	1	ep
Her mum and dad must really support her to let her go all the way to America to play .	4	ep
Yes , you can , but you must have something to hold on to .	7	de
In the peripheral regions too , we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly .	7	de
All those explosions must have gone to your head !	3	ep
In this case - and I must stress this , as it may be an issue on which Mr Oostlander and myself do not agree - the national administrations are the key players in this programme .	6	de
We must have an alibi for the time the body was found .	1	de
Yeah , must have been the wrong therapist .	2	ep
It must be because He 's political and stuff	1	ep
I 'm sorry , but people must have their revenge .	6	de
He must be miserable without you right now .	1	ep
It must be Castro . Always the same .	1	ep
Ports must be equipped with reception facilities .	1	de
She must have loved these .	1	ep
Now , to sing this song , you must be gifted ...	8	de
Must be why I like you so much .	0	ep
Only we must suppress these actions , and do it rapidly ...	2	de
- You must be joking .	2	ep
It must link the computer to the alien systems .	1	ep
I must have been tense .	1	ep
Your mother must have been lonely .	2	ep
I know you must have this covered , but shouldn 't we be getting out of here ?	3	ep
You must feel terribly lonely	1	ep
As there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	20	de
A military and intelligence response must , in any case , be accompanied by an incisive Union policy in the areas where there is worst crisis : an action intended to extinguish the flames of desperation and intolerance .	5	de
In order for Treaty reform , and indeed enlargement , to be a success it must have the full support of the people .	15	de
That must be the real Mr Simms .	1	ep
You must miss those friends of yours .	1	ep
But here 's the point . We must have product .	7	de
He must 've screwed up ' cause there was ...	1	ep
There is one point which I must stress in particular .	6	de
We must have accurate information about what other worlds are doing .	1	de
We must select a new prime minister , who is more loyal , devoted .	1	de
It must 've gotten damaged dur\u00a1 ng the rock storm .	1	ep
The EU must create sustainable fishing which can survive in the long term .	2	de
It must take a great deal of patience .	1	ep
It must 've taken a long time to build .	1	ep
At the same time , there must be a reliable verification system .	6	de
You too must know what loneliness is , despite your wife and son .	2	ep
Huh ? You must have thumbed it .	3	ep
- I must 've missed that .	2	ep
Oh , you must have been a beautiful baby	3	ep
They must have talked for three hours .	1	ep
Giger was always inspecting the set as it developed and ... ... saying ... ... " We must have more bones on the set . "	17	de
Yes , but there must be people who have secrets that you want to know .	4	ep
Well , then , you must have done something .	5	ep
You must have a nice girlfriend .	1	ep
Must be the toilets .	0	ep
- Tavo must have shot him .	2	ep
- Well , it must be an awful lot of maintenance ...	4	ep
some robbers must grab the hit it will be . currency loss !	2	ep
Well , there must be something you can do .	3	ep
There must be an increase in openness and public control .	1	de
You must have known it would happen .	1	ep
It must have been a technical malfunction .	1	ep
Then there must be some other explanation .	2	ep
We must have access to more documents , and it is completely unacceptable that we should sit here in Parliament without knowing what our own ministers are saying and doing in the Council when they legislate .	1	de
There must be an equal balance of effort and sharing of responsibility to prevent both forum shopping by asylum seekers and ' pass the parcel ' by Member States .	1	de
Someone must 've seen us together and informed on us .	1	ep
We must have proper checks on the readiness and the value of our contingency plan .	1	de
Mama must have heard me say grace , at least .	1	ep
We must take him by surprise .	1	de
So you must be the SAMURAl PRlNCESS .	2	ep
Then it must be broken because I 've told you everything I know .	2	ep
You must have impressed them , too ?	1	ep
You must have heard the shots .	1	ep
Must be a Class 3 .	0	ep
You must be fluent in French now , are you ?	1	ep
The role of public health in the Treaty really must be laid down and reinforced now .	9	de
l" m sorry ... ... but there" s someone here who says he must see Mr. Lawrence .	13	de
- It must hurt , though .	2	ep
You must rest .	1	de
I was afraid to let her out of my sight . Whoever itwas , he must 've backed off .	15	ep
She was pretty careful , but she must not have had time to get rid of this one .	7	ep
Why is that ? You must be afraid of your neighbour .	5	ep
He must have friends like we do .	1	ep
Old Hank must be the only one who didn 't hear the explosion .	2	ep
I must have seemed very bland to him after you .	1	ep
I don 't know what this trouble is about , but I 'm sure it must be your fault .	15	ep
I guess he must 've noticed my wedding ring .	3	ep
Someone must be able to understand English again .	1	ep
You must be out of your mind !	1	ep
Here , take this . You must be freezing .	6	ep
We must also have a compensation rule for ports or places of refuge that take in ships .	1	de
You must 've messed up the translation .	1	ep
Now fare thee well for we must part	6	ep
It must have been a brilliant battle . Choo !	1	ep
To save Charles , we must prove that someone else stole it .	5	de
He must have gone during the storm .	1	ep
Then he must have a complex .	2	ep
The stupid fools must think Mr Bond has accomplished his mission .	3	ep
There must be a candy store .	1	ep
She must be connected with something big .	1	ep
We must , therefore , be more innovative to convince European citizens and make them our allies .	1	de
It doesn 't matter ? Of course it does , one must be precise .	11	ep
We must develop a policy that will work .	1	de
Air traffic has increased considerably and we must treat safety issues with particular attention .	7	de
I repeat that we must have a minimum degree of internal coherence in our policies .	4	de
It must also be a political association . In other words , we must get used to addressing all global political issues together with our Mediterranean partners .	1	de
You must have done something wrong !	1	ep
- Poor Karen . She must be ...	5	ep
You must have traveled with better company	1	ep
Whatever he found must have freaked out some higher ops .	3	ep
The text of the Treaties must be comprehensible , above all from the point of view of the citizens .	5	de
Must be time .	0	ep
We must buy some time .	1	de
He must be long- winded .	1	ep
I must have been dreaming about how I blasted her in the face like a Jackson Pollock .	1	ep
Can you appreciate what it must have been like to be there as a baby ?	5	ep
If the curious consumer wishes to know more , they must consult the manufacturer by way of the latter 's web site and by telephone .	10	de
They must get a lot of power from this dam . I think it supplies about 75 % for the Los Angeles district , including most of the power for the defence plants .	1	ep
We must have a standardisation of sampling , reporting and the way in which these matters are dealt with .	1	de
For over a month now , he 's been getting messages that were absolutely useless , so he must have come over to find out why .	18	ep
That guy must have been attracted by the vortex .	2	ep
You must be outta your mind .	1	ep
You must be crazy .	1	ep
- You must be out of your mind !	2	ep
a must be an animal . animal ? !	1	ep
Must have caught it on something .	0	ep
He must have had inside help .	1	ep
Preston still must be changing .	2	ep
There must be someone in the whole world who knows where she lives .	1	ep
You must have someone to sit around and drink all the grape juice .	1	de
I must have a foolproof method of escape . Foolproof .	1	de
We must have mechanisms in place to stop this recurring year on year .	1	de
- You must have noticed the effects .	2	ep
You must have had a most happy childhood there .	1	ep
You must have the same thing .	1	ep
It must 've triggered them .	1	ep
Harry must have been busy .	1	ep
We must have a concerted , organised and united approach to prevent illegal imports .	1	de
I mean ... being locked up must be a terrible thing .	6	ep
Surely you must a little ?	2	ep
- You must have some idea .	2	ep
They must have thought that GHOST was in that briefcase .	1	ep
The people that are after us must know where I live .	6	ep
I must 've been mad .	1	ep
You must have an unreasonable fear of gatecrashers to carry this heavy artillery .	1	ep
You must have seen a lot of them when your army was here .	1	ep
- I must have the storm at full strength .	2	de
That 's what you must think .	4	ep
They must be worth ....	1	ep
She must think I 'm a nothing .	1	ep
Naturally , I imagine , he must mean any country that does not belong to the European Union ....	6	ep
I make this big gesture and now you must think I 'm one of those in your face football dads , now .	8	ep
Yes , there must be emergency action plans .	3	de
That must be why .	1	ep
You must have at Ieast some of your brother 's good sense .	1	ep
He must have been hunting .	1	ep
The definition must be clear so that the citizens can understand these competences and it must be transparent so that these are not open to interpretation by institutions that might have a more opaque way of doing things .	2	de
Must have been a close one .	0	ep
But we must have it right away .	2	de
I think that must be a terrible sort of expectation to live up to all the time .	3	ep
I must 've tried to get out of the car and dropped them .	1	ep
It must be taken from living beings .	1	de
So it must take a lot of balls to walk into a bank and stick it up with a gun , huh ?	2	de
We must have water , that 's not complely laden with whatever is being emitted from these aircraft .	1	de
She must be freaking .	1	ep
But you must admit it does sound like the kind of job only the Phantom could have done .	2	ep
- I must have his address .	2	de
- There must be other people ...	2	ep
You must be spooks ? Spooks ?	1	ep
It must be a storeroom or something like that .	1	ep
- Your folks must be very proud .	3	ep
It must have taken him months to figure out how to do this .	1	ep
However , to do that it must set aside the ethnic differences of the north and south , outlaw the extremes of Sharia law and work together towards economic prosperity .	6	de
The most important thing is that people absolutely must have the right to know and to make their own choice about the food they eat .	8	de
You must be exhausted .	1	ep
She must have left . no shit ... she ran away !	1	ep
You must think I 'm a pest .	1	ep
The Krauts must be dug in behind that row of trees .	2	ep
We must increase competition at ports .	1	de
There must be .	1	ep
Must be afraid ofreprisals .	0	ep
It must have been very difficult .	1	ep
Must be one of those Southern traditions .	0	ep
It must have brought some of them here .	1	ep
You must be an actress .	1	ep
We must try to place a Folkung - in every important position to weaken the influence of the Sverker clan .	1	de
- Must 've been difficult .	1	ep
We must check this very carefully , and we must ensure once again that these competences are returned either to national parliaments or to the European Parliament .	1	de
We must acquire a new plant for the ceremony .	1	de
He must have warts on his ass !	1	ep
But I don 't know how to clean this . . . . . . and you must know how to .	17	ep
It must be 'cause I 'm big and dumb !	1	ep
We better get back to the ladies They must be worried .	8	ep
Fourthly , a VAT level must be set which is harmonised at European level .	5	de
It must have been early in the evening .	1	ep
I think that Jim must believe that those men committed the crime .	4	ep
Come in . You must be thirsty .	4	ep
I called you loads of times ... but I must have got your aunt 's number wrong .	9	ep
I guess the elevator boy must be asleep .	5	ep
Oh , yeah . Must be a fucking pill farmer .	4	ep
That must 've been hard for you .	1	ep
You must have been pissed off when he pulled out of South River .	1	ep
Must be .	0	ep
This must be the first one .	1	ep
You must have bought it on your travels .	1	ep
I 'm sure they must have an Earth - Minbari dictionary lying around somewhere .	4	ep
Excuse me , my husband must be resting .	5	ep
Yeah , he must have gone shopping .	3	ep
I must apologize for not being here to greet you personally ... ... but I trust you 've found everything you needed .	1	ep
But you must drink a lot of coffee , being a priest .	2	ep
Sorry about that , mate , that must 've ...	7	ep
Europe must continue to grow so that new jobs can be created .	1	de
It must have come from Almanzora . Almanzora ?	1	ep
You must be the dirty blacksmith that humiliated my beloved Kunigunda .	1	ep
Jesus , Jackie , you must have ... .. a terrible thirst on you tonight to drink two pints at the same time .	5	ep
Must have been another guy .	0	ep
Dad liked them . They must have been good workers .	5	ep
You must 've spent some loot .	1	ep
There must also be the vision of ' living together ' , of solidarity between rich regions and poorer regions , and of access for everyone to a number of fundamental rights .	1	de
Europe must become more innovative .	1	de
Paolo , you must help me .	3	de
Firstly , we must promote the development at national level of information and awareness-raising policies targeting families and the world of education in general .	3	de
They must 've found my old truck .	1	ep
Whoever killed her husband must think that GHOST is still in that house .	4	ep
I must be missing something .	1	ep
What a state he must be in .	4	ep
You must 've seen a lot while you were there .	1	ep
Must be another storm .	0	ep
- You must have pulled a few strings .	2	ep
Must 've been .	0	ep
It must have been stolen .	1	ep
He must have passed through my room while I was asleep .	1	ep
Our accounting must be on an accrual basis .	2	de
Must be a struggle .	0	ep
He receives a modest salary so he must like to be here .	7	ep
- Well , you must have learnt a trade there .	4	ep
Must 've been a tough one .	0	ep
You must think I 'm a creep .	1	ep
Smilzo , go and find Grotti , he must be hiding in his house !	8	ep
As it is difficult to recycle plastic , something must be done about this .	9	de
It must have happened too fast for him to regenerate .	1	ep
Although I do feel that such an agency would be useful , we must stop and think before launching such an undertaking .	13	de
Must be a piece of junk .	0	ep
It must have been that last torpedo .	1	ep
It must be a broken pipe .	1	ep
In return I presume I must grant you the ship and the sailors you desire .	5	ep
You must be an honest cop .	1	ep
If you spent as much money on the meal , Mr Spica , as you waste on the decor , your taste in good food must surely improve .	25	ep
- It must have been expensive .	2	ep
Must be from Hollywood .	0	ep
- We must be a disappointment .	2	ep
Things must be slow .	1	ep
It must be the vice- president .	1	ep
Surely he must have told you how much he hates me .	2	ep
We must have a full picture of all parties ' responsibilities and hence of their liability .	1	de
You must be very disappointed . Please !	1	ep
- It must be Bergman 's .	2	ep
He must have .	1	ep
I must have protection .	1	de
It must push itself along with these .	1	ep
You must be joking .	1	ep
You must be different than others .	1	ep
- It must have cost you a bundle .	2	ep
- He must be very young and handsome .	2	ep
It must be your upper lip .	1	ep
Must be a relative .	0	ep
I must have squeezed out a few wrong notes .	1	ep
A major effort must be made in terms of harmonisation and simplification of rules .	3	de
There must have been 500 guys at the employment office today .	1	ep
I say that if the scientists cannot go and argue their case in the Irish Sea then it must not be a scientific case that they are really arguing .	18	ep
Yeah . River must 've washed the roots away .	3	ep
My group must have more ...	2	de
You must have come the short way .	1	ep
They must get a lot of power from this dam .	1	ep
Wow , so that must 've been ...	4	ep
You must be going crazy . . . . . . but the boss is interested about your progress .	1	ep
- You two must have been friends .	3	ep
There must be 20 or 30 .	1	ep
Must 've been a lot of valuables in that vault .	0	ep
Must be getting late . No .	0	ep
He must 've been a big , beautiful- lookin ' horse .	1	ep
I must have tired you with my confession .	1	ep
It must be Elisabeth 's .	1	ep
It must have been ltto Ogami .	1	ep
There must be a regional policy .	1	de
The least-favoured areas must be given special intention in view of the impact the total decoupling of aid will have on them .	3	de
- You guys must 've tripped an alarm .	3	ep
It had been days since I heard anyone speak , though someone must have said something in all that time .	12	ep
So what you 're doing must be human .	5	ep
And I must have them all .	2	de
So I figure it must 've been some teenagers out to have a little bit of fun .	4	ep
Except ... I 'm afraid I must file you ... under ...	6	ep
He must be smart as hell .	1	ep
I must have had too much sun yesterday .	1	ep
Someone 's broken the lock . They must have seen the body there .	7	ep
I am fully aware of the problems encountered by some Members of the European Parliament and I must tell you that the French authorities are extremely sensitive to these issues .	17	ep
You must be tired so clean it up tomorrow	1	ep
Must be that Uncle Dave shooting .	0	ep
We must proceed with balance .	1	de
So these must be the buyers you 're representing .	2	ep
You must have heard your eyes ... are beautiful .	1	ep
It 's very near , you must have been past it before .	6	ep
My luck must still be with the dice .	2	ep
The guards must have kept it	2	ep
I 'm sorry , I must have made a mistake .	5	ep
We must set up a true common asylum and immigration policy .	1	de
You must be exhausted from your travels .	1	ep
Must take after her father .	0	ep
They must be 6 feet tall .	1	ep
You must have been so angry with me .	1	ep
Some ride that must have been .	3	ep
Our willingness to use the euro in the European Union must be confirmed and increased every day .	10	de
If anybody wants to attach themselves to it , they must have the agreement of all the groups which have produced the text .	10	de
Must get them right out of high school .	0	ep
We must have a successful debate on this .	1	de
Well , that must 've been special .	3	ep
It must smell of semen .	1	ep
There must also be increasing cooperation between intelligence services and a strengthening of Europol .	1	de
We must definitely have data based on research regarding which materials improve the state of the environment most and in which circumstances .	1	de
These must be conducted with the full participation of local people and we must have the results of those impact assessments before negotiations start .	13	de
He must be a Freemason anyway .	1	ep
- Someone must have run it down .	2	ep
Must have been .	0	ep
You must like yokai .	1	ep
He must be so scared .	1	ep
It must be the pension - I 've been seeking all these years .	1	ep
Well , this must be quite a change for you , right , Ed ?	3	ep
There must have been some fat Indians who had to get across .	1	ep
Must be the god of a long life ...	0	ep
Must I Gervazy , the keeper of this castle , Warden of the Horeszkos , be insulted in our house ?	0	de
There must be mutual recognition .	1	de
- That shop must be closed down hours ago .	3	ep
We must not only have a common goal but also a common working method , and I am somewhat stricter than you are when it comes to discouraging new national rules .	1	de
Oh , you must be getting really tired of saving my life .	3	ep
Touching it must 've activated it .	2	ep
This Parliament has a central role to play in this and must take on board its responsibilities , but the Council and the Commission must give us greater cooperation .	24	de
- They must have .	2	ep
In concentrating the services in one or two main players we must be sure that we do not risk security in the event of institutional collapse .	11	de
Our records must be mixed up .	2	ep
Moreover , there must be safeguards to ensure that we do not encourage the use of marriage as an avenue to gain illegal entry .	3	de
0h, must have been, not to notice she was pregnant .	1	ep
He must 've gone looking for that mermaid .	1	ep
Recent events have given us grounds to think that these are possible consequences , which must be prevented at all costs .	15	de
He must have been pretty sure I 'd come .	1	ep
There must be another method , and probably less painful . Yes .	1	ep
But out there with these natives ... it must be a temptation to ... be God .	8	ep
The Bunkers must be having a party .	2	ep
Must be waiting for the shelling to stop .	0	ep
Mrs Thompson , I know you must hate me but there 's something I want you to have .	6	ep
I must have something you want !	1	ep
They must know something we don 't .	1	ep
You must be quite tired of me .	1	ep
- They must have changed their view .	2	ep
I ain 't no hustler . There must be easier ways to make money .	7	ep
Admittedly , there is the International Oil Pollution Compensation Fund , IOPCF , but it waters down the issue of liability and sets its ceiling at a quite inadequate level , which must be reviewed .	32	de
It must be a nice change from dreary old Manhattan .	1	ep
Look , I 'm sorry to bother you . I must have the wrong place .	10	ep
They must have thought he was some far- out old man ... humping it over that course .	1	ep
As this becomes increasingly important , we must have an Institutional Agreement in which the role of Parliament is strengthened .	7	de
We must have institutions that fight for citizens ' rights in the EU .	1	de
It must 'cause they 're buying it .	1	ep
The rodeo must be over .	2	ep
Must belong to Mr. Lambert .	0	ep
Must have taken you a long time to hunt down all that history .	0	ep
You must stay with us .	1	ep
Because , if they see me like this , it must scare them to death . - The Velrans !	10	ep
He must expect big things from Mr. Murphy .	1	ep
- That must take up a lot of time .	2	ep
As you must be aware , the Protocol we are to debate today is linked to the European Community 's recently implemented ratification of the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety .	2	ep
That must have been embarrassing , expecting one man and ...	1	ep
I hate to burst your little crazy- lady bubble ... ... but it must not have been all that great because I don 't remember you .	13	ep
We must not fear , Thomas .	1	de
We must avoid that .	1	de
Must have a great time on dates with his father along .	0	ep
They must want to kiII aII possible hosts .	1	ep
This is must be very expensive and for sure ...	2	ep
I don 't know . He must have skipped town .	6	ep
He must have had nightmares . He cut the couch to ribbons with his spurs .	1	ep
She must have been mangled by it .	1	ep
- Really , sergeant , you must think my mind is wandering .	6	ep
I must have hesitated , sir .	1	ep
The stupid fools must think Mr. Bond has accomplished his mission .	3	ep
- which I must have to keep country secure .	3	de
We must have colleagues who show that they are in favour of securing citizens ' rights , but that is not enough in itself .	1	de
Word must 've gotten out because all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets .	1	ep
There must be some man here she Iikes .	1	ep
I don 't know , you must have been out on a tear last night .	6	ep
He must have seen the light	1	ep
We must produce a coordinated strategy for employment in conjunction with measures to counter discrimination on the grounds of age and modernise pensions and health schemes .	1	de
It must be my friends .	1	ep
He must 've been riding those brakes like an old lady . - That 's nice .	1	ep
She must be different now .	1	ep
I know you must be disappointed in me .	3	ep
I think all the stuff I could tell you ... you must already know	11	ep
The first thing we must do is understand .	4	de
You must be going crazy ... ... but the boss is interested about your progress .	1	ep
I don 't know exactly what happened then , I must 've fainted .	10	ep
Must 've been bad .	0	ep
Well , you must eat	3	de
- You must be proud of him .	2	ep
He must have had it when he -- [ Musical beeping ]	1	ep
Must have had a nightmare or somethin ' .	0	ep
- ( Grace ) She must have a bladder infection .	5	ep
These aren 't my shoes ! They must go next door .	7	ep
It must be all this English air , cos you 're not thinkingstraight .	1	ep
Must be like some finishing school .	0	ep
He must have strained himself to get this lot together .	1	ep
- You must be very lonely .	2	ep
But she must have family , someone to look after her	2	ep
Do you ? Your Majesty must not be alarmed .	5	de
Um ... they must be sending up another company to take our place .	3	ep
You must have a dependable guide .	1	de
You must be thinking of Ronald , but he hasn 't lived here in a while .	1	ep
Must have been a fox or something set off the motion sensors .	0	ep
I don 't know , I must have left it in the --	6	ep
- I must have frightened her away .	2	ep
They must be out of ammo .	1	ep
There is a willingness but fear pervades , and to assuage this fear we must find political and religious leadership not only in Ireland but throughout the European Union .	14	de
- It must be a commercial .	2	ep
Must be those fellows in the farmhouse a couple of miles down .	0	ep
I must have had about 30 of those suckers .	1	ep
You must be crazy . You 're just a stupid fool .	1	ep
Ah , Lyudmila , the grave must not claim you ... ... the young knight will rouse you from your sleep !	6	ep
He must 've gone sailing with his dad .	1	ep
Your sister must have been a good woman .	2	ep
- Their only thought must be ...	4	ep
We must pay special attention to this issue in order to adequately weigh up the different actions relating to the forests : prevention , improvement , conservation and the restoration of burnt areas and forestation .	1	de
They must be from the Naruto family .	1	ep
He must be talking to someone he likes .	1	ep
You must know what 's going down .	1	ep
- Yeah . - Oh , that must be fun .	7	ep
I must be gettin ' tired or somethin ' .	1	ep
She must lay there since a couple days already . Maybe she fell down on Saturday the 18th , or something .	1	ep
- The gods must have a sense of humor .	3	ep
You must have some stars , right ?	1	ep
The Commission must do this in a much more focused way .	2	de
It must be difficult to be delicate when death could be so close .	1	ep
We can distribute responsibility around the various Member States , but we must have a coordinated policy .	12	de
They must 've thought it was a set- up like the others .	1	ep
- Yeah , it must be that .	4	ep
I must have thought about the Osaka attack too ...	1	ep
He must have clearance .	1	ep
You must be pretty disappointed .	1	ep
This must sound ridiculous .	1	ep
They must be lost .	1	ep
She must be taking a bath .	1	ep
So when they got their programme running , they must have added P2X - 338 to the list of addresses supplied by Colonel Maybourne .	9	ep
I should like to highlight this sector in particular , because we are still a long way from having the really efficient network of libraries in Europe that is an absolute must .	31	de
He must have changed his mind .	1	ep
It must be the law of nature .	1	ep
It must have short- circuited .	1	ep
I must have left the boat untied . It 's gone .	1	ep
You must not fear .	1	de
You must want the girl that moved out .	1	ep
You 've got a pretty face . The girls must like it .	9	ep
I believe we must adopt an open and transparent strategy here , so that we can say in all candour how we dealt with the funding that was made available to the groups .	3	de
Her mum and dad must really support her ... ... to let her go all the way to America to play .	4	ep
They must have had quite a long talk to reach an agreement .	1	ep
Vance must 've showed us your picture a thousand times .	1	ep
It is becoming ever clearer that the response must be measured and proportionate , and the consequences for all must be anticipated and planned .	8	ep
Skynet must not want me reprogramming in the future .	1	ep
As consensus must be reached at Doha , however , giving in to the United States and the Cairns Group by abandoning our farmers to the productivist and ultraliberal global market is not an adequate approach .	2	de
It must weigh tons !	1	ep
I closed my eyes for a few minutes , and that 's when the dream must have come .	15	ep
You must be sleeping around .	1	ep
They must be worth ... Who knows ?	1	ep
We must therefore create a new binding international legal instrument , not just to further and promote cultural diversity but to establish trade rules for cultural goods and services too .	1	de
It must be the Jinyiwei	1	ep
The point I made in my speech in the debate was that it is not enough to have common agreement to respect rights ; you must have effective remedies .	25	de
This situation must change , and it must be based on greater coordination among the Member States themselves and greater involvement by them and the European Union in the various stages of United Nations programmes .	7	de
It must be that bastard Osawa !	1	ep
You must mean the nail file .	1	ep
That is what must be done .	3	de
Genetically modified additives must also be clearly identified in feedingstuffs in order to allow the end-consumer to choose food without GMO components or based on GMO components and to guarantee this .	3	de
Not everyone was in agreement with all the points in the report , but that does not prevent me from wanting the debate to continue , because it must exist .	28	de
- Must 've been a real slaughter .	1	ep
Must have knocked it about .	0	ep
They must have been expensive .	1	ep
Oh , I am ve<u>ry</ u> wea<u>ry</ u> . I must seek repose .	10	de
That must 've been some fight .	1	ep
It must have been a real mission , infiltrating enemy lines ... eating between meals ...	1	ep
The EU and the Member States must make far greater efforts in the field of de-escalation .	6	de
- Must be lost , motherfucker !	1	ep
They must have driven on .	1	ep
When I saw you leave the airport with the opposition , I figured I must be wrong .	14	ep
She must be asleep , I 'll just go check the stove .	1	ep
You must be speaking German now .	1	ep
They must 've switched baskets .	1	ep
We must have equitable agreements with other countries .	1	de
Must 've been a stray shot .	0	ep
You must 've been freezing .	1	ep
Yes , Lady Luck must be with KANG Seung- wan .	4	ep
The roads must be a bear .	2	ep
That bitch must be flirting with another guy now !	2	ep
This anomaly must be resolved without delay .	2	de
He must be pissed off .	1	ep
So , I guess last night we must have ...	7	ep
There must be such a disease when a man can 't stop lying .	1	ep
You must be exhausted from your journey .	1	ep
- Must have been .	1	ep
lf you must know , I 'm attracted to madmen . I can 't help it .	2	ep
The unit must be in a life form .	2	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	6	de
We must reach an interinstitutional agreement .	1	de
And you must be Rufus .	2	ep
- Where is Cumali ? - Must have run to the hotel .	6	ep
He must be asleep , poor dear .	1	ep
They must have taken it .	1	ep
You must be sad about it .	1	ep
A rigorous measurement framework , widely agreed and adopted by the industry , is a must to quantify the real benefits of information and communication technologies .	15	de
( laughs ) now that must have been scary .	5	ep
And in some countries even chess is considered a sport , it must be the horses .	12	ep
I wonder what the lion must think of me .	5	ep
We must have a new leader .	1	de
In the light of the enlargement , every effort must be made to achieve this also in the candidate countries in the shortest possible time .	9	de
There must 've been a reason .	1	ep
Oh , my God , you must have been the butt of every joke .	6	ep
Well , then he must be upstairs .	4	ep
We must therefore set up a true system of ports of refuge and safe ports of anchorage where damage can be limited . We welcome this proposal , although we have tightened it up slightly .	1	de
Why ? - You must be loving this .	4	ep
We must be prepared for a long haul .	1	de
And we must do so jointly with the United States .	2	de
- There must be some wires in here .	2	ep
Political decisions must be based on sound data , and the directive must be adapted accordingly .	12	de
- He must be .	2	ep
- That must make you happy , huh ?	2	ep
My great- grandfather , Emmanuel , must have been the last Sonnenschein to feel like this .	6	ep
I believe that there must be tough rules in place to prevent conflicts of interest among financial journalists .	4	de
You must have done it on purpose , Walter . Yes .	1	ep
There must 've been plenty of women for you over the years . Yeah .	1	ep
We must set up this internal market for food supplements .	1	de
I mean , come on , you must have , like , a million girls .	7	ep
They must have had about 50 health violations during the last inspection .	1	ep
This is an aspect that the national authorities must focus on , without fail , in order to enhance the attraction of Structural Funds in the private sector .	8	de
Guess we must 've outrun that hex we had on us , eh , Bob ?	2	ep
Must not know what a locomotive is .	0	ep
Now go visit the king because he must be lonely .	7	ep
In order that co-operation is as close as possible , there must be an exchange of personal data of those few who pose a threat to security .	11	de
Surely someone must 've said something in all that time .	2	ep
Your ass must 've been thinking because now we 're out $300, 000 .	2	ep
Must be hard to wear .	0	ep
You must be Lieutenant Wolfe !	1	ep
First we must know the tentura of Earth .	2	de
The plan for funding this process , through specialised sections of the EIB now and a Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank in the future , must be welcomed with open arms .	23	de
We must , at long last , move away from our non-vaccination policy .	1	de
Yeah , but I must have been more susceptible than either one of you .	4	ep
They must think I 've abandoned them .	1	ep
Well , then , you must have a natural talent for it .	5	ep
I must have a thousand crowns or I 'm finished .	1	de
They must 've seen us coming .	1	ep
I must have ... ... gone through a wormhole .	1	ep
All that chlorine must have gone to my brain .	3	ep
There must be an explanation .	1	ep
And for that I must pay certain officials .	4	de
I must get my men near broads before they start freaking out with each other .	1	de
I think he 's a self- serving jerk who must have a very small penis .	9	ep
Well , it has been said by many , most of them fools , and now by you , so ... so it must be true .	23	ep
This must be the savage beast Kaiser .	1	ep
However , the fact that no decisions have been taken on the future of the Galileo European satellite navigation project is a regrettable example of what we must avoid .	27	de
It must have been rather embarrassing , expecting to end up with one man ...	1	ep
- None of your business . - Must be a while ago .	7	ep
- You must 've been caught in the rain .	2	ep
- I must 've forgot .	2	ep
These things must be done delicately ... ... or you hurt the spell .	2	de
We must have the full and fair implementation of the Copenhagen criteria in political and economic matters .	1	de
- Must have been a frog .	1	ep
The Commission is working on this area , but we must time things carefully .	10	de
- I say ! - I must have fruit !	6	de
You must be in great pain .	1	ep
The professor must have the intel there for Bryce to find .	2	ep
It must be .	1	ep
You must have slept with her .	1	ep
You must have been so scared .	1	ep
Surely there must be something you can do .	2	ep
Must 've been expensive .	0	ep
I know it must be practical , aunt Fanny .	3	ep
It must be displeased to have to him far \u2026 \u2026 the championship will cost to him of rumbas of next year .	1	ep
- Your work must be so exciting !	3	ep
- Nathan must have finished that .	2	ep
Then Claire must have been crazy about me .	2	ep
He must have done illegal things to earn some extra money .	1	ep
You must be Xerxes .	1	ep
- You must 've been hallucinating .	2	ep
You must be thinking about yours .	1	ep
You must think I 'm awful dumb . \u2013 Ain 't it the truth . \u2013 I won 't pay a plug nickel now or ever .	1	ep
She must be up to something	1	de
You and I must be the only professionaI men in here .	3	ep
He must have got tied up somewhere .	1	ep
You must 've really hated your father .	1	ep
He must be key to making the device operational .	1	ep
Your father must be proud of you .	2	ep
You must have been dreaming .	1	ep
That must have hurt .	1	ep
He must be about halfway to Brunico by now .	1	ep
You must have been having fun .	1	ep
You must have a few , yourself .	1	ep
- He must have snatched you out of a cradle !	2	ep
You must have lost your foolish mind .	1	ep
Your merry men must know where the medicine man is .	3	ep
You must not be committed to your recovery .	1	ep
You must really like me .	1	ep
I must be Yevgeny Nourish .	1	ep
In European research , we must take a step forward both qualitatively and quantitatively speaking .	5	de
Oh , he must 've been very proud . Oh , yeah .	3	ep
But we must really seem that way to him	2	ep
You won 't even talk about it , must be about the future of your organization .	8	ep
Yes , they must have coffee .	3	ep
All players must have a management system , and there must be common safety certificates for staff , for rolling stock and also for the infrastructure manager .	10	de
Oh , you must have just missed him there . hey , little buddy .	3	ep
Oh , you must be tired , Guy .	3	ep
You must get some new vests . Jolly good .	1	de
They have , they must have .	4	ep
It must ...	1	ep
- They must 've gotten Ricks , too .	2	ep
She must have been in a good mood .	1	ep
It must be their custom , the way they welcomeaII strangers .	1	ep
There must be a con like me in every prison in America .	1	ep
Although it must be difficult controlling all those people 's lives .	2	ep
We must have someone there .	1	de
The circus must be halfway to Metropolis .	2	ep
I guess it must be pretty grim in Chicago right now .	3	ep
When it comes to protecting health and the environment we must be ambitious if we really want to improve the situation .	10	de
Because as you must have noticed , I ...	3	ep
Kid , you must 've crept up on cat 's paws .	3	ep
This place must be crawling with agents .	2	ep
If you must have it , have it , then .	2	de
So , Hannah , you must have a lot of wonderful stories to tell .	5	ep
We must have improved scientific information : there can be no broad-brush approach , as has been said .	1	de
I must be losin ' my memory .	1	ep
It must be a sign sent by God to guide us .	1	ep
He must have been very grateful to Mother .	1	ep
There must be a swift , impartial , effective inquiry into these massacres .	1	de
Well , it must take a bite out of a government salary .	3	ep
Must be my lucky day .	0	ep
- You must be cold and tired .	2	ep
The High Council must believe it is the only choice ...	3	ep
We must also review policy in areas in which we know that we are at present , in actual fact , harming poor countries in particular .	1	de
Then you must be Andrei Rublyov .	2	ep
You must agree that it will be an important project for years to come .	1	ep
We must have them .	1	de
I meant he must 've gone to school on his home planet .	3	ep
What happened to the baby ? It must have been stillborn .	7	ep
Head of the King 's bodyguards ? Must keep you busy .	7	ep
You must be new in town .	1	ep
Then certainly you must have gathered that he was dead , right ?	3	ep
He must have gone back .	1	ep
You all must have a pot of money .	2	ep
Ever wonder what our lives down here must seem like to a bird ?	7	ep
Well , Mummy and Daddy say it 's a good thing , so I suppose it must be .	16	ep
And then the old hag told me to ... Oh ! ... look into the well and wish for my heart 's desire . But I must have looked very far because I fell , down , down , down .	26	ep
- He must need funds .	2	ep
It must have been terrible .	1	ep
You must have thought I was bluffing , Mr. Bond .	1	ep
- It must be in your suit .	2	ep
They must be 50 miles away .	1	ep
There must be millions of viruses in this Quadrant that no one 's ever encountered before .	1	ep
I do not know if it will be under the urgent procedure but , in essence , it must be as quickly as possible .	18	de
Locals must have found the Stargate since the computer last dialled .	1	ep
Well , he must 've bolted out the window .	3	ep
It must have flown in	1	ep
So , you must be the infamous Butterfly . Shh !	3	ep
Well , look , I must have got the number wrong .	5	ep
He is relied by the Vatican , there must be some reason .	8	ep
You must have had a nightmare .	1	ep
They must speak to you .	1	de
He must be all hopped up on crack cocaine .	1	ep
- You must admit you deserved it .	2	ep
He must 've been , as his body fails to decay	1	ep
We really must be allowed enough time .	2	de
The crowd decides and tonight the drinks must be strong ... ... because this Tina 's moving on to the next round !	7	ep
I know you must be busy .	3	ep
I really must have some more sherry .	2	de
In order to be effective , it must be well anchored in the Member States ' national authorities .	7	de
Must 've been a big decision for you .	0	ep
We must finish what we failed to do at Gaugamela .	1	ep
Well , he must have found some of the answers .	3	ep
They must be dealing with T- Bag .	1	ep
Must 've left my wallet in my room .	0	ep
It must be hard .	1	ep
But tonight , I must have fallen asleep .	4	ep
One of them must have a majority in the European Parliament , but Parliament cannot elect a second .	3	de
There must have been ... a dozen since then , right ?	1	ep
I must 've said something wrong , so he just left all of a sudden .	1	ep
No , he must have said he doesn 't speak much , but in general .	3	ep
No , to save Charles , we must prove that someone else stole it .	7	de
If you must paint something , can 't you paint some of your own stuff ?	2	de
You must be hurting bad for money to take this job .	1	de
He must have split up with Kathleen again .	1	ep
- About your age . Your parents must 've had a cow , huh ?	7	ep
They must be hiding .	1	ep
Those bananas must be off .	2	ep
We must provide a broad definition of a support system and therefore cannot accept Amendments Nos 16 and 19 .	1	de
It must be diverse if it is to be democratic .	1	de
This place must be crawling with agents by now .	2	ep
Must be a sign of the times .	0	ep
There must be something you want to do or to become .	1	ep
I 'm sure you must be more than little homesick .	4	ep
" Something must be missing underneath . "	2	ep
Must have seen a catfish .	0	ep
Sorry , I must have made a mistake .	3	ep
They must talk .	1	ep
I must have been asleep with the air conditioner on .	1	ep
RAWLlNS : We must have rest and food .	3	de
And an increase - as the rapporteurs have said - in the monitoring of pharmaceuticals , because the effects of medication do not end with authorisation , and furthermore there must be continued monitoring .	30	de
Must have got my number off the computer .	0	ep
That chest must be worth more than a shiny penny .	2	ep
- They must be looking for somebody .	2	ep
You must be hungry ?	1	ep
Boy ... I really must have passed out .	4	ep
He must have written to you .	1	ep
Something must 've told him we 'd never live these days of happiness again ... ... that they were gone forever .	1	ep
- Must have been a terrible shock to him .	1	ep
It must be exciting to bet more than you can afford to Iose .	1	ep
We just saw it . - It must have looked great .	7	ep
That is not necessarily the case under this regulation , but we must create an instrument to do so very quickly .	12	de
Mr President , I shall just speak very briefly to tell Mr De Keyser that he must have been wrongly informed .	16	ep
- Shit , projector must have gone out .	4	ep
Here comes CBS News . Must be important .	5	ep
He must have talked to other people at CTU and told them what he knows .	1	ep
You must have something very ... big going on with my father .	1	ep
Y 'all must not be from around here .	2	ep
- He must have been a great man .	2	ep
They must be friends .	1	ep
- He must be out of range .	2	ep
They must never have built it .	1	ep
You must be Mrs ...	1	ep
He must have had it when he --	1	ep
It must have taken hours .	1	ep
You must think I 'm very stupid .	1	ep
- You must know some talkative hats !	2	ep
I must 've slept through it .	1	ep
No , I must 've remembered it wrong .	3	ep
We must have sustainable energy policies .	1	de
Where 's my honey ? I know this all must sound horrid .	9	ep
